Hello everyone, I am the storyteller and
I am here to help you today. I know you
use this video to fall asleep. So before
that like the video and subscribe to the
channel. Also, where are you from and
what time are you watching? Now get
comfortable and relax.
The fluorescent lights in the basement
hummed their familiar tune, casting
their sickly green palar across the
concrete walls as I made my rounds. 23
years I'd been walking these corridors,
checking boilers, replacing filters,
ensuring the mechanical heart of
Meridian Heights kept beating. I knew
every pipe, every wire, every corner of
this place, which is why the footprints
shouldn't have been there. They appeared
just past the main electrical room.
Muddy impressions leading toward the
south wall where nothing but storage
lockers should have been. The prints
were fresh, still damp against the cold
concrete, and they belonged to work
boots, the same size as mine, I noticed,
with an uncomfortable chill. I followed
them with my flashlight, its beam
dancing across the familiar territory
that suddenly felt foreign. The
footprints led to a door I'd never seen
before. I stopped, my breath catching in
the stale basement air. The door was
painted the same institutional green as
all the others, bearing a simple
placard, service stair B7.
But according to every blueprint, every
maintenance manual, every inspection I'd
conducted over the decades, this wall
was solid. Had always been solid. The
door handle was cold beneath my palm,
colder than it should have been in the
constant 70° basement temperature. It
turned easily, too easily, as if it had
been recently oiled.
Beyond lay a narrow staircase descending
into darkness, the same concrete
construction as the rest of the
building, yet somehow different. The air
that drifted up carried a staleness that
spoke of places long undisturbed, mixed
with something else, something that
reminded me of my apartment upstairs. I
should have walked away, should have
checked the building plans, called the
super, reported the anomaly through
proper channels.
Instead, I descended. The first few
steps felt normal enough. My footsteps
echoed in the narrow stairwell, the
sound bouncing off walls that pressed
close on either side. But as I continued
down, the echoes began to change,
becoming softer, more muffled, as if the
very air was growing thicker. My
flashlight beam seemed to penetrate less
and less of the darkness ahead. After
what felt like three flights down,
impossible given that the basement was
already the lowest level, I reached a
landing. Here, the staircase opened onto
a corridor that stretched in both
directions, lined with doors. The same
institutional green paint, the same
scuffed lenolium flooring, the same
fluorescent fixtures casting their
pallet light. But these lights flickered
irregularly, creating a strobe effect
that made everything appear to move in
stuttering, unnatural jerks.
The first door I approached bore a
familiar number, 4B, my apartment
number. My pulse quickened as I stared
at the brass digits, worn and tarnished,
exactly like the ones on my actual door
23 floors above. The door itself was
identical. Same scratches in the paint,
same slightly warped frame that
sometimes stuck in humid weather.
Even the small dent near the bottom
where I dropped a toolbox years ago was
perfectly reproduced.
From behind the door came a sound that
turned my blood to ice. The distinctive
whisper of fabric against fabric, the
soft rustle of clothing being handled.
Someone was in there moving around and
they were touching my clothes. I pressed
my ear to the door, my breathing shallow
and rapid. The sounds were clearer now.
The slide of metal hangers across a rod.
The soft thump of shoes being arranged.
But underneath these familiar domestic
noises was something else. Breathing
that wasn't quite right. Too slow and
deliberate, as if whoever was inside was
savoring each moment. "Hello," I called
softly, but received no response. The
sounds continued, methodical and
careful. I tried the handle, but it was
locked, though I could see light seeping
from beneath the door. the warm yellow
light of the table lamp in my bedroom.
Shaking, I moved to the next door. 4B
again, identical in every detail. The
same sounds drifted from within. The
same careful rustling of fabric. The
same measured breathing. But now I could
hear something else. The faint squeak of
my closet door opening and closing over
and over as if someone was repeatedly
examining its contents. I ran to the
next door. 4B and the next 4B. The
entire corridor stretched endlessly in
both directions, lined with perfect
replicas of my apartment door, each one
occupied by some unseen presence that
moved through my belongings with
deliberate, intimate familiarity.
My hands trembled as I fumbled for my
keys, selecting the one for my
apartment.
It slid into the lock of the nearest
door with perfect ease, turning
smoothly. But when I pushed the door
open, I found only darkness. Not the
warm darkness of an unlit room, but a
thick, pressing void that seemed to
swallow my flashlight beam.
"Who's there?" I whispered into the
blackness. But my voice seemed to be
absorbed before it could travel more
than a few inches. From deep within that
darkness came the sound of my bedroom
dresser drawers being opened and closed
one by one, followed by the distinct
rustle of my work uniform being unfolded
and examined. The sounds were so
precise, so intimately familiar that I
could picture exactly what was
happening. Someone standing in my
bedroom holding up my gray maintenance
jumpsuit, perhaps even pressing it
against themselves to check the fit.
I slammed the door shut and stumbled
backward, colliding with the wall behind
me. But there was no wall, only another
door, another 4B, from which came the
same sounds, the same careful
examination of my belongings. The
corridor had changed while I wasn't
looking. Now doors lined both sides,
stretching infinitely in all directions.
Everyone bore my apartment number, and
from behind each came the sound of my
life being carefully, methodically
explored by unseen hands.
I chose a direction and ran, my
footsteps echoing strangely in the
fluorescent lit space. But the corridor
never ended, never varied.
Door after door after door, each one
identical, each one occupied by someone
who knew the exact contents of my
closets, my drawers, my most private
spaces. Some doors were slightly a jar,
revealing thin slices of that impossible
darkness within. From these gaps came
more specific sounds. The clink of my
coffee mug being set down on my kitchen
table. The soft whisper of pages turning
in the book I kept on my nightstand. The
distinctive groan of my recliner as
weight settled into it. I stopped
running and pressed myself against one
of the doors, listening intently. The
sounds from within were different now.
Not the rustling of clothes, but the
soft rhythmic breathing of someone
sleeping in my bed. But the breathing
was wrong. too deep, too slow, as if
whatever was in there was only
pretending to sleep while it waited for
something. The fluorescent lights above
me flickered more rapidly, casting the
corridor and strobing illuminations that
made everything appear to stutter and
jump. In these brief moments of darkness
between flickers, I could swear I saw
shadows moving beneath the doors. Too
many shadows, as if multiple figures
occupied each replica of my apartment. I
tried to remember how many flights of
stairs I'd descended, how many turns I'd
taken. But the memory was already
becoming hazy, like trying to recall a
dream. Had I come from the staircase at
the far end, or was it the one behind
me? Every direction looked the same,
every door identical. From the door
nearest to me came a new sound that made
my skin crawl. The distinctive squeak of
my bathroom medicine cabinet opening,
followed by the gentle clink of pill
bottles being examined. one by one.
Whoever was in there knew exactly where
I kept my medication, knew the
arrangement of every item on my shelves.
I pressed my face to the cool metal of
the door, closing my eyes and trying to
think rationally. This had to be some
kind of breakdown, some stress induced
hallucination brought on by years of
routine and isolation. The building
plans were clear. There was no service
stair B7, no subb corridor, no infinite
row of doors.
But when I opened my eyes, I was still
there, still surrounded by the
impossible architecture of my own
repeated life. The sounds from behind
the doors were growing more frequent
now, more varied. I could hear my
television playing the late night news
program I always watched before bed.
Hear my shower running, hear my alarm
clock's distinctive beeping from
multiple directions at once. It was as
if dozens of versions of my daily
routine were being performed
simultaneously.
Each one perfectly accurate in its
details. I began to notice other things.
The air carried the scent of my
apartment. That particular combination
of old coffee, cleaning supplies, and
the faint mustustininess of a place
where someone had lived alone for too
long. The temperature was exactly right,
matching the slightly warm stuffiness I
maintained in my own space. Most
disturbing of all, I began to recognize
my own movements in the sounds coming
from behind the doors. The way I dragged
my feet slightly when walking from the
bedroom to the kitchen. The particular
rhythm of my footsteps on the creaky
floorboard near the bathroom. The exact
sequence of sounds I made when preparing
for bed. The clink of keys on the
counter. The soft thud of work boots
being removed. The whisper of clothes
being folded. But these weren't my
sounds. I was here in this impossible
corridor, listening to someone else
perform the intimate choreography of my
life with perfect precision. I tried
door after door, but each key turned
easily, each handle moved smoothly, and
each opening revealed only that thick,
pressing darkness from which my life was
being so carefully mimicked.
Sometimes I caught glimpses of movement
in that darkness. The quick flash of a
figure retreating deeper into the
replica apartment, always just out of
sight. The fluorescent lights overhead
began to dim, their steady hum dropping
to a lower pitch. The shadows between
the doors grew longer, more pronounced,
and I noticed that some of them seemed
to extend beyond the physical boundaries
of the door frames, reaching across the
lenolium toward me with impossible
geometry. I found myself walking more
slowly now, each step deliberate and
careful.
The corridor felt endless, but I was
beginning to suspect it was actually
circular, that I was walking the same
stretch over and over while the doors
rearranged themselves just outside my
peripheral vision. From one door came
the sound of someone in my kitchen
opening and closing cabinets with the
exact rhythm I used when preparing my
morning coffee. from another the
specific pattern of channel changing
that I performed every evening while
looking for something to watch. Each
sound was perfectly calibrated,
perfectly familiar, and perfectly wrong.
I stopped at one door and pressed my
forehead against its cold surface. The
sounds from within were different this
time, softer, more intimate. Someone was
going through my dresser drawers, not
searching, but examining, handling each
item with the careful attention of
someone taking inventory. I could hear
my socks being unfolded and refolded, my
t-shirts being lifted and set down
again. "What do you want?" I whispered
to the door, but the sounds continued
unchanged. Then I heard something that
made me step back in shock. my own voice
muffled by the barrier between us,
humming the tune I always hummed while
organizing my clothes. But I wasn't
humming.
I was standing in the corridor listening
to someone else produce the unconscious
melody that accompanied my most mundane
routines. The lights flickered more
violently now, and in the strobing
illumination, I began to see that the
doors were no longer quite identical.
Small differences appeared in the
moments between flashes. A handle turned
slightly to the left on one, a scuff
mark positioned differently on another,
a number that seemed to shift when I
wasn't looking directly at it. I
realized I had been walking for hours,
though time seemed to move strangely in
this place.
My watch had stopped at 11:47,
the exact time I'd first noticed the
footprints in the basement. But I felt
tired, hungry, as if much more time had
passed. The sounds from behind the doors
were changing too, becoming more
coordinated, more purposeful. I could
hear what sounded like multiple versions
of my evening routine being performed in
sequence. One apartment where I was
apparently eating dinner, another where
I was watching television, a third where
I was preparing for bed. But underneath
it all was that same wrong breathing,
that same sense of performance rather
than genuine living. I tried to retrace
my steps, looking for the staircase that
had brought me here, but every direction
led only to more doors, more versions of
4B, more careful examinations of my
life's intimate details. The corridor
had become a maze, or perhaps it had
always been one, and I had only now
become aware of its true nature. As I
walked, I began to notice that my own
footsteps were being echoed from behind
the doors, not immediately, but after a
slight delay. as if whatever was in
those apartments was learning the rhythm
of my movement and then reproducing it.
Soon the corridor filled with the sound
of dozens of feet walking in almost
unison, creating a poly rhythm that was
both hypnotic and deeply unsettling.
The air grew thicker, more oppressive,
carrying scents that shouldn't have been
able to exist simultaneously.
The smell of my morning coffee, my
evening meal, my freshly laundered
clothes, all mixed together in an
impossible oldactory collage of my daily
life. I stopped walking and listened.
The footsteps from behind the doors
continued for a moment longer before
falling silent, but not quite
simultaneously.
They ended in a cascade of stopping
sounds, like an orchestra concluding a
piece with imperfect timing. In the
silence that followed, I heard something
new. the sound of my apartment door
opening and closing over and over from
every direction. But these weren't the
sounds of someone entering or leaving.
They were the sounds of someone
practicing the motion, learning the
exact pressure required, the precise
angle of the handle, the particular
creek the hinges made at specific
degrees of opening.
I understood, then with a clarity that
was more terrifying than any confusion,
that whatever was behind these doors was
preparing,
learning, getting ready to replace
something that belonged to me, but
perhaps had never truly been mine at
all. The fluorescent lights gave one
final violent flicker and then steadied.
But their light had changed. It was
warmer now, more yellow, exactly like
the lighting in my apartment 23 floors
above. And in that familiar
illumination, I saw that the corridor
had changed again. The doors were still
there, still bearing my apartment
number, but now they stood slightly
open. Through each gap, I could see not
darkness, but light, the warm, welcoming
light of home. From within came the
sounds of normal life, the gentle hum of
my refrigerator, the tick of my wall
clock, the soft whisper of air through
my heating vents. I approached the
nearest door and peered through the gap.
Inside was my apartment, perfectly
recreated down to the smallest detail.
My furniture in exactly the right
positions, my books arranged precisely
as I'd left them. My coffee mug sitting
in its usual spot on the kitchen
counter, but sitting in my recliner,
wearing my clothes, was a figure I
couldn't quite see clearly. It was
turned away from the door facing my
television and all I could make out was
the familiar silhouette of someone who
might have been me if I were sitting in
my apartment instead of standing in this
impossible corridor.
I moved to the next door and looked
inside. The same scene, but the figure
was in a different position, standing in
my kitchen, apparently preparing the
same breakfast I'd made that morning.
The same gray jumpsuit, the same careful
movements, the same routine I'd
performed countless times. Door after
door revealed the same apartment, the
same life, but with the figure in
different stages of my daily routine. In
one, it sat at my kitchen table reading
the newspaper I'd left folded beside my
morning coffee. In another, it stood
before my bathroom mirror, apparently
performing the same grooming ritual I'd
completed hours earlier. I realized I
was seeing my entire day replayed
simultaneously. Each apartment
containing a different moment from my
routine. Each figure wearing my clothes
and moving through my space with the
precision of someone who had studied
every gesture, every habit, every
unconscious movement. But none of the
figures ever faced the door. None looked
in my direction. They seemed absorbed in
their performance, committed to their
careful recreation of my life with an
intensity that spoke of deep purpose.
I reached for the handle of the nearest
door, intending to confront whatever was
wearing my face, living my life,
occupying my space. But as my fingers
touched the metal, I heard a sound from
behind me that made me freeze.
Footsteps, real footsteps coming from
the far end of the corridor. Slow,
measured, deliberate steps that echoed
with the particular rhythm I'd learned
to recognize as my own. I turned to see
a figure approaching through the
strobing fluorescent light. It wore my
gray maintenance jumpsuit, carried my
flashlight, moved with my slightly
uneven gate, but its face remained
obscured by shadow, and something about
its proportions seemed slightly wrong,
as if someone had tried to recreate my
appearance from memory rather than
direct observation.
The figure stopped several feet away and
stood motionless, its face still hidden.
We regarded each other across the
impossible space, surrounded by the
endless doors of my replicated life,
while from behind each one came the
sounds of my own existence being
carefully, methodically performed. When
the figure finally spoke, it used my
voice. But the words came out wrong, too
precise, too carefully pronounced, as if
someone was reading from a script of how
I should sound. You shouldn't be here,
it said. This is my route, my building.
my life.
I tried to respond but found my own
voice had become uncertain, less solid.
Somehow the words felt strange in my
mouth, as if I were the one reading from
a script, as if I were the one trying to
remember how to be myself. The figure
took another step closer, and I caught a
glimpse of its face in the fluorescent
light. It looked exactly like me, but
perfect somehow. My features refined, my
expression more confident, my eyes
brighter and more alert than they'd ever
been in any mirror.
I've been practicing, it continued in my
voice that wasn't quite mine.
Learning, getting ready, and now I think
I'm ready to take over the maintenance
of this place. To live the life you've
been neglecting.
I looked around at the endless corridor,
at the infinite doors leading to
infinite versions of my apartment. each
one occupied by someone who understood
my routines better than I did, who
performed my life with more precision
and care than I'd ever managed.
"Which one of us?" I asked, surprised by
how uncertain my own voice sounded, is
real. The figure that looked like me,
smiled with my mouth, but with an
expression I'd never worn. "Does it
matter? I know your schedule better than
you do. I understand your habits, your
preferences, your fears. I can maintain
this building more efficiently, live in
that apartment more completely, be you
more successfully than you ever were.
The lights flickered one final time, and
in that moment of darkness, I felt
something shift. When the illumination
returned, the corridor was empty except
for me. The doors stood closed, their
identical 4B numbers gleaming under the
fluorescent light. But from behind each
one came only silence. I was alone with
the impossible architecture of my own
existence, unsure which direction led
home, uncertain whether home was a place
I was welcome anymore, and increasingly
unclear about whether the person who had
descended those impossible stairs was
the same one who would eventually
emerge. From somewhere far above came
the familiar sound of the building's
mechanical systems humming their eternal
tune, calling me back to my duties, my
routine, my carefully maintained life.
But I remained in the corridor, staring
at the endless doors, wondering which
one contained the life I was supposed to
return to, and whether the person living
it would recognize me when I tried to
reclaim it. The footprints in the
basement had been fresh, still damp
against the concrete. But whose feet had
made them, and who exactly was walking
in whose shoes?
Story two.
The carousel horses never stop watching
you, even when the music dies. I
discovered this 3 months into my job as
night security at Wonderland Amusement
Park, when the shadows between the game
booths grew teeth, and the air tasted
like cotton candy mixed with rust. But
it wasn't the peeling paint on the
funhouse, or the way the ferris wheel
creaked in windless nights that kept me
awake during my shifts. It was the car.
Every night without fail, as I made my
final rounds and prepared to lock the
main gates, I'd see it parked just
beyond the employee lot. A dark sedan,
engine running, headlights cutting pale
wounds through the darkness. The first
time I noticed it, I assumed someone had
forgotten to turn off their vehicle
after visiting the park. A simple
oversight. These things happen. The
radio played music. A soft tinkling
melody that reminded me of the lullabies
my grandmother used to hum. Music box
melodies that seemed to drift on the
night air threading between the
silhouettes of dormant rides like
invisible fingers. I should have
approached the car that first night.
Should have checked if anyone needed
help. Instead, I stood 30 ft away, keys
heavy in my palm, watching the exhaust
curl skyward in ghostly spirals. The
melody stopped abruptly and in the
sudden silence I heard something that
made my skin crawl. Static. Radio static
like an old AM station struggling to
find its frequency. And then clear as if
someone were standing beside me, a voice
emerged from that electronic snow. My
name whispered through the crackling
waves. I told myself I'd imagined it.
The mind plays tricks during long night
shifts, especially in places like this
where reality feels negotiable.
I finished my rounds, locked the gates,
and drove home without looking back. But
sleep eluded me that night, and when it
finally came, it brought dreams of
carousel music played backward and
voices calling from empty spaces. The
second night, the car was there again.
Same position, same soft exhaust, same
ethereal melody drifting from its
interior. This time, I forced myself to
walk closer, my flashlight beam dancing
nervously ahead of my steps. The music
box tune grew clearer as I approached.
Brahm's lullabi played on what sounded
like an old, slightly out of tune
mechanism, the kind you'd find in a
child's jewelry box. All delicate chimes
and haunting harmonies.
20 ft from the vehicle, I stopped. The
windows were tinted, too dark to see
inside, but I could make out the faint
glow of dashboard lights and hear the
steady rumble of the engine. I called
out, asked if everything was okay, if
anyone needed assistance. My voice
echoed off the empty rides behind me,
bouncing between the haunted house and
the bumper cars before dissolving into
the night. The music stopped. Static
filled the air again, that familiar
electronic hiss that seemed to emanate
not just from the car, but from
everywhere at once. The speaker system
throughout the park, the abandoned
ticket booths, even the payones that
hadn't worked in years. And then,
cutting through the white noise like a
knife through silk, came my name again.
But this time, the voice didn't stop
there. It recited my license plate
number letter by letter, digit by digit,
with the precision of someone reading
from a document. I hadn't even unlocked
my car yet. It sat 50 yard away in the
employee parking area, keys still in my
pocket. There was no way anyone in that
sedan could have seen my plates from
that distance, especially in the
darkness.
I ran, not walked, not hurried, ran past
the tiltaw, past the game booths with
their deadeyed stuffed animals, past
everything that suddenly seemed to be
watching me with predatory interest. I
fumbled with my keys, dropped them twice
before managing to unlock my car, and
drove home with my hands shaking so
badly, I could barely grip the steering
wheel. The third night changed
everything. I arrived at work determined
to solve the mystery. I brought my
phone, prepared to record whatever
happened to gather evidence that would
either prove I was losing my mind or
validate the impossible. The car was
there before I even finished my rounds.
I could see it through the parked gates,
a dark silhouette against the empty lot
beyond.
But tonight, something was different.
Tonight, I could see into the driver's
seat. It was empty. The car sat there,
engine running, no one behind the wheel.
The headlights painted twin circles of
pale light on the asphalt, and from the
open windows came that same music box
melody, now accompanied by what sounded
like a conversation. Multiple voices
speaking in hush tones about things I
couldn't quite make out. I crept closer.
My recording phone held out like a
shield against the impossible. The
voices stopped when I reached the 10-ft
mark. The music continued for another
few bars, then faded into silence. In
the sudden quiet, I could hear my own
heartbeat, my own rapid breathing, and
the low rumble of the unmanned engine. I
reached for the driver's door handle, my
hand trembling as it approached the
chrome. The radio crackled to life, not
just my name this time, but a full
monologue. The voice, neither male nor
female, ageless and hollow, began
describing my daily routine with
unsettling accuracy. It knew what time I
woke up, what I had for breakfast, the
route I took to work. It described the
contents of my apartment, down to the
magazine on my coffee table, and the
number of coffee cups in my sink. It
knew about the insomnia that had plagued
me since childhood, about the way I
double-checked my locks before bed,
about the recurring dream where I was
trapped in an endless hallway lined with
mirrors. I stumbled backward, my phone
still recording as the voice continued
its intimate inventory of my life. It
described conversations I'd had with
co-workers, mentioned the name of my
third grade teacher, recited the exact
words of an argument I'd had with my
brother 6 months ago, details no one
else could possibly know, memories I'd
barely retained myself.
The monologue ended abruptly, replaced
by that music box melody. But now I
recognize the tune for what it truly
was. Not Brah's lullabi, but something
else entirely.
something that reminded me of the song
the ice cream trucks played in my
neighborhood when I was 7 years old. The
same truck that used to appear every
summer evening, its speakers crackling
with that same electronic distortion. I
backed away from the car, my recording
still running. And as I retreated, I
noticed something that made my blood
freeze. The license plate was a mirror
image of my own. Same letters, same
numbers, but reversed
as if someone had taken a photograph of
my car's plate and flipped it
horizontally.
That night, I didn't sleep. I sat in my
living room playing back the recording
on my phone over and over again. But
each time I listened, there was less to
hear. The first playback contained the
voice, the personal details, the
impossible knowledge of my life. The
second playback revealed only static and
that distant music box melody. By the
third listening, there was nothing but
the sound of wind and my own breathing.
The fourth night, I called in sick. I
couldn't face that car. Couldn't deal
with the voice that knew things about me
that I'd never told another soul. I
spent the evening researching the park's
history, looking for accidents,
disappearances,
anything that might explain what I was
experiencing.
I found nothing unusual, just the
typical urban legends that accumulate
around any old amusement park. Stories
of ghostly children on the swings,
phantom sounds from closed rides, the
usual collection of local folklore. But
I did find something interesting about
the lot where the car appeared. It had
been the site of the park's original
entrance back in 1962
before they had expanded and relocated
the main gates. For over 20 years,
families had said goodbye in that exact
spot. Children clutching stuffed animals
and cotton candy as they reluctantly
left the magic behind. Thousands of
departures, thousands of endings, all
concentrated in that small patch of
asphalt.
I returned to work the fifth night,
armed with new knowledge and a desperate
need for answers. The car was there as
always, but this time I noticed details
I'd missed before. The vehicle itself
seemed to shift slightly in my
peripheral vision. Never quite the same
model or color when I wasn't looking
directly at it. Sometimes it appeared to
be a modern sedan. Other times an older
station wagon or even a pickup truck,
but always dark, always running, always
playing that hypnotic melody. I
approached with more confidence this
time, determined to touch the vehicle to
prove its physical reality. But as I
drew closer, I began to notice something
deeply unsettling about my own behavior.
My footsteps echoed wrong, arriving at
my ears a fraction of a second too late.
My shadow fell at an impossible angle
given the position of the car's
headlights. And when I looked down at my
hands, they seemed to belong to someone
else. Pale, unfamiliar, moving
independently of my conscious will. The
radio static began before I reached the
car, building to a crescendo that seemed
to come from inside my own skull. The
voice returned. But this time, it wasn't
reciting facts about my life. Instead,
it was asking questions. It wanted to
know why I was there, what I was looking
for, whether I remembered the accident.
What accident? I tried to ask, but my
voice made no sound. The air around me
had become thick, viscous, like moving
through invisible molasses.
The car seemed to be receding even as I
walked toward it, always just beyond my
reach. The music box melody grew
distorted, playing at half speed, then
double speed, then backward. The voice
in the static began to laugh, not cruy,
but with a kind of sad recognition, like
someone remembering a joke that had
stopped being funny long ago.
It told me that I'd been asking the same
questions for months, approaching the
same car, having the same realization
night after night. It suggested that
perhaps I was the one who was stuck, not
the mysterious vehicle and its
impossible radio.
I looked down at my security uniform and
noticed it was wrong. The patches didn't
match any uniform I'd ever worn. The
fabric felt synthetic and strange
against my skin. When I reached for my
phone to check the time, my pocket was
empty. I couldn't remember driving to
work that night. Couldn't remember
clocking in or making my rounds. In
fact, when I tried to recall the last
clear memory I had of being anywhere
else, I found only fog. The car's engine
revved once, a sound like metal grinding
against bone, and then went silent. The
headlights dimmed and died, leaving me
standing in complete darkness. But the
music continued, that endless music box
melody that now seemed to be coming from
everywhere and nowhere at once. In the
sudden quiet, I heard footsteps
approaching from behind me. Slow,
measured steps on asphalt, accompanied
by the jingle of keys. I turned to see
another security guard walking toward
the employee parking lot, flashlight
beams sweeping back and forth across the
empty spaces. He moved with the tired
efficiency of someone at the end of a
long shift, someone eager to finish his
rounds and go home. He passed within 10
ft of where I stood, but he didn't see
me. His light passed right through me as
if I weren't there. He made it to his
car, a dark sedan parked in the employee
lot, and I watched him fumble with his
keys before unlocking the door. As he
settled into the driver's seat and
started the engine, his radio came to
life with a soft, crackling static.
From somewhere in that electronic snow,
I heard a voice calling his name. The
music box melody began to play, drifting
across the empty lot toward the main
gates, where he would soon make his
final security check. I watched him
drive toward the exit, and I knew that
in a few minutes he would see a car
parked just beyond the employee lot. a
dark vehicle with its engine running and
its radio playing that hypnotic tune.
And the voice in the static would
whisper his name and recite his license
plate number and begin the gentle
process of helping him remember what
he'd chosen to forget.
I stood there in the darkness, finally
understanding why the carousel horses
never stop watching. They're waiting for
the music to end, for the ride to
finally stop turning, for someone to
remember how to get off. But the music
never ends. It just begins again, night
after night, with a new voice calling
from the static and a new set of
footsteps approaching the car that
shouldn't exist. The only question left
is whether you're the one walking toward
the mystery or the one broadcasting from
within it. And in places like this,
where reality bends and memory fails,
sometimes there's no difference at all.
Story three.
The habit started innocently enough.
My brother and I had always been
observers. The kind of people who
noticed things others missed. A crooked
mailbox. The way shadows fell
differently on Tuesday afternoons. The
subtle variations in how neighbors
walked their dogs. When we began
recording license plates, it felt like a
natural extension of our shared
curiosity about the world's hidden
patterns. We kept a small notebook in
the kitchen drawer, its pages gradually
filling with combinations of letters and
numbers, locations where we'd spotted
them, and timestamps precise to the
minute. The ritual became meditative.
Morning coffee accompanied by
yesterday's observations, comparing
notes about which vehicles appeared most
frequently on our quiet suburban street,
theorizing about the lives behind each
registration.
Our mailbox sat at the end of a long
gravel driveway, positioned where Maple
Street curved away from the main road.
The metal box, painted forest green to
match our shutters, had developed a
slight lean over the years, giving it an
almost conspiratorial angle as it waited
for the daily postal delivery. We'd
taken to leaving our license plate
observations there. Folded slips of
paper tucked between the flag and the
box's side, a quirky filing system that
amused us both. The morning I first
noticed something was wrong. October
mist clung to the ground like spilled
milk, thick and reluctant to lift
despite the sun's efforts. I approached
the mailbox with my usual Tuesday
offering. Three new plates from the
previous day, including an unusual
vintage registration I'd spotted on a
restored Mustang. My fingers, already
stiff from the autumn chill, fumbled
with the latch. Inside, alongside the
expected bills and cataloges, lay a
crisp white envelope with no postmark,
no return address, just my name typed
across the front in a font that belonged
to another era, the kind produced by
manual typewriters with their slight
imperfections and uneven pressure. The
paper felt substantial between my
fingers, heavier than modern stationery,
with a texture that suggested age
despite its pristine appearance.
The letter inside was brief, typed on
matching paper. Your observations are
noted. The blue sedan license plate
ending in 8:47 will experience brake
failure on November 15th, 2024 at
approximately 3:47 p.m. Intersection of
Maple and Pine. No injuries will occur.
I read it three times before the word
settled into something resembling
comprehension.
The license plate number was accurate.
I'd logged that exact blue sedan just 2
days prior, but the date referenced was
still 3 weeks away, and the clinical
precision of the prediction sent cold
tendrils crawling up my spine. My
brother found me standing motionless by
the mailbox, the letter trembling in my
grip when I showed him the contents. His
expression shifted through confusion,
skepticism, and finally landed on
something that might have been concern.
Whether for the letter's contents or my
mental state, I couldn't determine. That
evening, we sat in the living room as
rain drumed against the windows,
discussing possibilities.
Perhaps someone was playing an elaborate
prank. Maybe we'd somehow attracted the
attention of a local eccentric who'd
been monitoring our license plate hobby.
The explanations felt reasonable in the
warm lamplight, surrounded by familiar
furniture, and the comforting sounds of
our old house settling into night. But
November 15th arrived with unseasonable
warmth, and at 3:47 p.m., I found myself
standing at my bedroom window, staring
down at the intersection of Maple and
Pine. A blue sedan, the same one from my
notes, rolled through the stop sign and
continued toward the main road. No brake
failure, no accident, nothing. Relief
washed over me until I remembered the
letter's precise wording. The incident
would occur at the intersection, not
necessarily visible from my vantage
point. I walked the three blocks to
Maple and Pine, searching for any
evidence of automotive trouble.
Fresh skid marks darkened the asphalt
near the eastern corner, and a small
cluster of broken glass glittered in the
afternoon light. A tow truck was pulling
away as I arrived. The next morning,
brought another envelope. This time the
prediction concerned a red pickup truck
that frequented our neighborhood driven
by the man who delivered heating oil to
houses along our street. The letter
specified that on December 3rd, the
truck would suffer a blown tire at
exactly 11:23 a.m. while traveling
northbound on Maple Street. Again, no
injuries were predicted. I began
watching for that red pickup with an
intensity that worried my brother.
December 3rd found me positioned at
various windows throughout the morning,
tracking every vehicle that passed. At
11:23 a.m., the familiar rumble of the
oil truck approached from the south. I
held my breath as it passed our house,
continued another 100 yards, and then
lurched suddenly to the right. The
distinctive sound of a tire failure
echoed through the crisp air. The driver
pulled safely to the shoulder and began
changing his tire, just as the letter
had promised. No injuries, just an
inconvenient mechanical failure at the
precise predicted moment.
Winter deepened and the letters
continued arriving with clockwork
regularity. Each envelope contained
increasingly specific predictions about
minor automotive incidents involving
vehicles we'd observed and recorded. The
accidents were always small. A fender
bender in a parking lot. A dead battery
on a cold morning. A minor collision
with a mailbox that resulted only in
scratched paint. The predictions were
invariably accurate down to the minute
and the precise nature of each incident.
I stopped sleeping well. The weight of
fornowledge pressed against my chest
during the long winter nights, making
each breath feel labored and
insufficient. Knowing what would happen,
but being powerless to prevent it
created a peculiar form of psychological
torture. I considered warning the
affected drivers. But how could I
explain my knowledge without sounding
delusional?
My brother grew increasingly concerned
about my obsession with the letters. He
suggested we stop recording license
plates altogether, remove our notes from
the mailbox, perhaps even move the
mailbox to a different location. But I
found myself compulsively checking for
new envelopes, driven by a mixture of
dread and fascination that I couldn't
fully explain. Spring brought warmer
weather and a disturbing evolution in
the letters content. The predictions
began extending further into the future.
incidents scheduled for late summer,
then autumn, then the following year.
The typewritten pages accumulated in a
growing stack on my desk, each one a
small prophecy of automotive misfortune
waiting to unfold. But it was the
morning in early May when everything
changed. I approached the mailbox with
my usual mixture of anticipation and
apprehension, noting how the morning
light caught the metal surface and cast
long shadows across the driveway.
Inside, nestled among the usual
correspondents, was an envelope
different from all the others. The paper
was the same heavy stock, the typography
identical, but this letter was addressed
to both my brother and me. The contents
made my hands shake so violently I
nearly dropped the paper. Your vehicle,
the gray Honda Civic license plate
ending in 392, will experience
transmission failure on August 17th,
2024 at approximately 7:15 a.m. while
parked in your driveway. No injuries
will occur. This will be the final
correspondence.
My brother's face went ashen when I
showed him the letter. We owned no gray
Honda Civic. Our cars were a blue SUV
and a black sedan, both parked in the
driveway where they'd sat for months
without incident. The license plate
number meant nothing to either of us.
That evening, while reviewing our
notebook of observations, I made a
discovery that sent ice water through my
veins. There, in my own handwriting from
the previous week, was an entry for a
gray Honda Civic with a license plate
ending in 392.
According to my notes, I'd observed it
parked in what I'd identified as our
driveway on a Tuesday morning, but I had
no memory of writing that entry. The
handwriting was unmistakably mine, the
same slanted letters, the distinctive
way I formed my sevens, but I couldn't
recall making that observation. My
brother examined the notebook with
growing alarm, confirming that the entry
was indeed in my hand, written with the
same pen I'd used for surrounding
entries.
August 17th arrived with oppressive
humidity and the kind of gray sky that
seemed to press down on everything like
a heavy blanket. At 7 a.m., I positioned
myself at the kitchen window, staring at
our empty driveway. Our blue SUV and
black sedan sat exactly where we'd left
them the night before.
No gray Honda Civic anywhere in sight.
The minutes crawled by with agonizing
slowness. 7:10 a.m. 7:12 a.m. 7:14 a.m.
At exactly 7:15 a.m., a gray Honda Civic
rounded the corner at the end of our
street and pulled into our driveway. The
driver was a woman I'd never seen
before. Her face partially obscured by
sunglasses despite the overcast morning.
She parked next to our SUV, turned off
the engine, and sat motionless behind
the wheel. I watched in fascination and
growing horror as she attempted to
restart the car. The engine turned over
repeatedly, but wouldn't catch. After
several minutes of trying, she pulled
out her phone and made what appeared to
be a call for assistance. As I stood at
the window, transfixed by this
impossible fulfillment of the
prediction, a white SUV crept slowly
past our house.
The driver's window was down, and I
caught a glimpse of a figure that seemed
to be watching our driveway with
particular interest. The vehicle was too
far away for me to make out specific
details, but something about its
deliberate pace and the driver's
attention made my skin crawl. The woman
in the Honda continued trying to start
her car for another 10 minutes before a
tow truck arrived. As the vehicle was
being loaded onto the flatbed, I noticed
the license plate for the first time. It
ended in 392,
exactly as the letter had predicted. But
here was the thing that made my rational
mind real. The woman claimed she'd been
trying to reach the address next door,
not our house. She'd pulled into our
driveway by mistake, thinking it
belonged to the residence she was
visiting. When her car failed to start,
she'd called for help from what she
believed was the wrong location. The tow
truck driver examined the vehicle and
confirmed transmission failure, a
mechanical issue that, according to him,
had likely been developing for weeks
before finally manifesting that morning.
As the Honda disappeared down the street
on the back of the tow truck, I found
myself questioning everything I thought
I understood about cause and effect,
about prediction and coincidence, about
the nature of reality itself. Had the
letter somehow caused the incident or
merely predicted it? Was there a
difference between the two in a universe
where future events could be known and
documented with typewriter precision?
That evening, my brother and I sat in
the gathering darkness, neither of us
willing to turn on the lights. The
silence stretched between us, heavy with
unspoken questions and the weight of
accumulated impossibilities.
Finally, he spoke, his voice barely
above a whisper.
He told me he'd been having dreams.
Dreams where he saw himself walking to
the mailbox and finding letters that
hadn't arrived yet. Dreams where he was
typing predictions on an old typewriter
in a room he'd never seen. His fingers
moving across keys worn smooth by
decades of use. Dreams where he was
someone else entirely. Someone whose job
it was to document the small accidents
and mechanical failures that would
befriend the people who paid too much
attention to things they shouldn't
notice. I told him about the white SUV.
How I'd been seeing it more frequently
in recent weeks. Always driving slowly
past our house. Always with the same
careful watching pace. How I'd begun to
feel observed in ways that went beyond
normal neighborly awareness. We decided
to stop. No more license plate
observations. No more notes in the
mailbox. No more checking for letters
that predicted futures we didn't want to
know. We would break the cycle through
simple abstinence from the activities
that had started it all. But that night,
lying in bed with every muscle tense and
my mind racing through possibilities I
didn't want to consider, I heard the
soft crunch of gravel in our driveway.
Through my bedroom window, I could see
the white SUV parked beside our mailbox,
its engine running, but its headlights
dark. A figure emerged from the driver's
side and walked with purposeful strides
to our mailbox. I crept downstairs in my
bare feet, avoiding the steps that
creaked, and positioned myself at a
window where I could observe without
being seen. The figure was medium
height, wearing dark clothing that made
specific details impossible to discern
in the night shadows. They opened our
mailbox and placed something inside, not
retrieving mail, but depositing it. Then
they returned to the SUV and drove away
with the same deliberate slowness I'd
noticed before. The next morning, I
found an envelope containing a single
sheet of paper. But this time, the
message was different. Some patterns
cannot be broken through intention
alone. The gray Honda Civic was never
the end. Merely a test of your attention
to detail. Your observations have been
more valuable than you realize. Continue
watching. Continue recording. The future
depends on witnesses who pay attention
to what others miss. A new notebook will
be provided.
As I read those words, standing in the
morning light with dew still clinging to
the grass around my feet, I felt
something inside me finally crack, not
break entirely, but develop a fault line
that would never heal completely.
Because I realized that we had never
been the collectors. We had always been
the collected. The white SUV was parked
across the street waiting. The driver's
window was down, and for the first time,
I could see the figure behind the wheel
clearly. It was myself, but older,
wearing an expression of patient
satisfaction that I'd never seen in any
mirror. I raised my hand in a wave. He
waved back, and I understood that some
observations were meant to be made, some
patterns were meant to be noticed, and
some futures were already as fixed as
the past, typed decades ago on paper
that would always feel both ancient and
impossibly fresh, delivered by someone
who had learned to navigate time the way
others navigate suburban streets. The
notebook arrived that afternoon, exactly
as promised.
Story four.
The call started at 3:00 in the morning.
Not phone calls. Those I could have
ignored, unplugged, silenced. These were
different rhythmic tapping that seemed
to emanate from somewhere above my
bedroom ceiling, like Morse codes
spelled out in desperation.
Tap, tap, tap. Pause. Tap tap tap tap
pause. Always the same pattern. Always
at the exact same time. Always lasting
exactly 17 minutes before stopping as
abruptly as it began. My neighbors were
experiencing the same phenomenon. I
discovered this during an impromptu
gathering in the courtyard the following
evening when exhaustion had driven us
all from our apartments in search of
answers. The elderly woman from 4B
mentioned it first, her voice barely
above a whisper, as if speaking too
loudly might summon the sounds back. The
young couple from the ground floor
nodded in recognition, their eyes rimmed
with the telltale shadows of sleepless
nights. We compared notes with the
methodical precision of people clinging
to rationality.
Every apartment in our block had been
affected. Every resident had heard the
same pattern at the same time for the
same duration. Yet, when building
maintenance inspected the roof, they
found nothing unusual. No loose tiles,
no pest activity, no obvious source for
the disturbance.
That's when I decided to investigate
myself.
The access panel to the attic space
above my apartment was located in the
hallway closet, a narrow square of
painted wood that I'd never paid much
attention to before. Standing on a
stepladder at 4 in the morning,
flashlight clenched between my teeth, I
pushed the panel aside and hauled myself
up into the darkness above. The beam of
my flashlight cut through air thick with
dust and the accumulated silence of
decades. The space was larger than I'd
expected, stretching beyond the
boundaries of my apartment into what
must have been the areas above my
neighbors homes. Wooden beams
criss-crossed overhead like the ribs of
some enormous sleeping creature, and the
air held the stale scent of old
insulation and forgotten spaces. I began
to crawl forward, following the main
beam toward what I calculated would be
the center of the building. The
floorboards creaked softly beneath my
weight, and more than once, I had to
pause to ensure I wasn't about to crash
through someone's ceiling. My flashlight
beam swept left and right, illuminating
cobwebs that trembled in the stirred air
and patches of insulation that looked
like cotton candy in the artificial
light. It was then that I discovered the
passage. What had initially appeared to
be a solid wall between sections of the
attic space revealed itself upon closer
inspection to be a carefully constructed
opening. Someone had removed boards and
repositioned them to create a hidden
doorway barely wide enough for a person
to squeeze through.
The work was precise, almost
professional, not the crude hack job of
an amateur, but the careful modification
of someone who understood the building's
structure. Beyond the passage lay
another section of attic space,
identical to the first, but belonging to
the adjacent building, and beyond that,
another passage leading to another
building. The entire block, I realized
with growing unease, was connected by
this hidden network of passages running
through the forgotten spaces above our
daily lives. As I crawled through the
maze of interconnected attic spaces, my
flashlight began to reveal signs of
habitation.
Not the obvious evidence of squatters or
homeless encampments, but subtle
indications that someone or something
had been using these spaces regularly.
The dust patterns were disturbed in
specific pathways, creating trails
between access points. Scratches on the
wooden beam suggested repeated contact,
as if someone had been navigating these
passages in complete darkness. And then
I found the blankets. Beneath each
access panel leading down to individual
apartments, neatly folded and positioned
with almost military precision, lay
thick woolen blankets. They were clean,
recently used, and arranged in identical
fashion. Each folded into a perfect
rectangle and placed directly under the
corresponding hatch. The systematic
nature of their placement suggested
routine, habit, purpose. I counted seven
blankets in total, one beneath each
access point I encountered. Seven
apartments, seven blankets, seven
residents who had been reporting the
mysterious sounds. The mathematical
precision of it sent a chill through me
that had nothing to do with the cool air
of the attic space. But it was when I
reached my own access panel that my
understanding of the situation shifted
from puzzling to profoundly disturbing.
Instead of a folded blanket, I found a
pillow. It was still warm. The fabric
held the unmistakable impression of
recent use. The indentation where a head
rested. The lingering trace of body heat
that spoke of someone having been there
mere minutes before my arrival.
The pillow was positioned directly above
the thin gypsum board ceiling of my
bedroom, exactly over where my own bed
lay below.
My hand trembled as I reached out to
touch it, confirming what my eyes were
telling me. The warmth was real,
undeniable, impossible to explain away
as imagination or misperception.
Someone had been lying here, listening
to me sleep, perhaps for hours, perhaps
for weeks. I snatched my hand back as if
burned. The flashlight beam wavering
wildly as my grip loosened. In the
dancing shadows, I thought I saw
movement, just a suggestion of something
shifting deeper in the passage behind
me. I spun around, sending the light
beam slashing through the darkness, but
found only empty space and the familiar
pattern of beams and insulation. The
silence was absolute, but it felt
occupied somehow, as if the darkness
itself were holding its breath.
I began to retreat, crawling backward
toward my access panel with increasing
urgency. Every shadow seemed to harbor
watching eyes. Every creek of the old
building suggested approaching
footsteps. The warm pillow remained
behind me, a tangible reminder that my
private space had been violated in ways
I was only beginning to understand.
As I lowered myself back through the
access panel into the safety of my
hallway closet, questions multiplied in
my mind like viruses. How long had
someone been up there? What had they
been doing besides listening? Were they
still there now, waiting for me to leave
so they could resume their vigil? And
most disturbing of all, why was my
apartment different? Why a pillow
instead of a blanket? What made me
special in this hidden observer's
routine?
The next few nights passed in a haze of
paranoid wakefulness. I found myself
lying in bed, staring at the ceiling,
acutely aware of the thin barrier
between my bedroom and the space above.
Every settling noise of the building
made me flinch. Every shadow cast by
passing headlights through my window
seemed to suggest movement overhead. The
tapping sound stopped completely.
This absence was somehow more unsettling
than their presence had been. At least
the rhythmic pattern had provided a kind
of predictability, a known quantity to
focus my anxiety upon.
Now there was only silence and the
terrible knowledge of what lay above. I
considered calling the police, but what
would I tell them? That I'd found
evidence someone might be living in the
attic spaces above my building. That I'd
discovered a warm pillow in a place
where someone might have been resting.
The physical evidence was circumstantial
at best, and my own state of mind had
become questionable enough that I
doubted my ability to present a
convincing case. Instead, I began to
research the building's history. The
city planning office held records dating
back to the structures construction in
1952.
The building had been designed as
affordable housing for returning
veterans with identical floor plans
replicated across multiple blocks. What
I found in the architectural drawings,
however, suggested that the current
configuration wasn't original.
The attic spaces had been designed as
storage areas, accessible through
individual hatches in each apartment.
Sometime in the late 1960s, renovations
had sealed off most of these access
points, leaving only the one in my
building's central hallway.
The official reason given was energy
efficiency, but I began to suspect there
might have been other motivations. A
deeper search through newspaper archives
revealed scattered reports of
disturbances in similar buildings
throughout the city during that same
period. Residents reporting mysterious
sounds, objects moved in their absence,
and the persistent feeling of being
watched.
The stories were brief, buried in back
pages, and always concluded with
reasonable explanations, settling
foundations, urban wildlife, the
psychological effects of city living.
But the pattern was there for anyone
willing to look. I also discovered that
my building had experienced an unusually
high turnover rate over the years.
Leases were consistently broken early.
Tenants left without providing
forwarding addresses. And several
apartments had remained vacant for
extended periods despite the city's
housing shortage.
The current residents, myself included,
had all moved in within the past 18
months. This revelation prompted me to
pay closer attention to my neighbors
behavior. What I observed confirmed my
growing suspicions that something was
fundamentally wrong with our situation.
The elderly woman from 4B had developed
dark circles under her eyes that makeup
couldn't hide. The young couple appeared
increasingly strained, communicating in
tur whispers when they thought no one
was listening.
Everyone seemed to be waiting for
something, though none of us could
articulate what that might be.
It was during one of these observation
sessions that I noticed the pattern in
our daily routines. We all left our
apartments at specific times, following
schedules that seemed almost
choreographed. The couple departed for
work at exactly 8:15 each morning. The
woman from 4B left for her daily
shopping trip at 10:30. The other
residents followed similarly rigid
timets, creating predictable windows
when individual apartments would be
empty. I began to suspect that our
mysterious observer had been studying us
far longer than any of us realized. The
next logical step was to monitor the
attic space during one of these
predictable absences. I waited until
Thursday morning when the couple would
be at work and the elderly woman would
be at the market, then returned to the
passage above. This time, I brought a
camera. The attic space appeared
unchanged from my previous visit. The
same dust patterns, the same arranged
blankets, the same warm pillow above my
bedroom. But something felt different.
The air seemed more charged, as if
recently disturbed. The silence held a
quality of expectation that made my skin
crawl. I began photographing everything
methodically, documenting the blanket
arrangements, the modified passages, the
precise positioning of items. Through
the camera's viewfinder, details became
clearer. small scratches in the wood
that formed letters, dust patterns that
suggested recent movement, tiny
fragments of fabric caught on splinters.
It was while reviewing the photos later
that I noticed something I'd missed
during my actual exploration. In several
shots, barely visible in the background
shadows, there appeared to be additional
modifications to the space that I hadn't
observed directly. What I'd taken for
natural variations in the attic's
structure were actually carefully
crafted hiding places.
aloves created by repositioning
insulation, spaces hollowed out behind
false walls, areas where someone could
remain concealed even if the main
passage were discovered. The
implications were staggering. Our
observer wasn't simply someone who
occasionally visited the attic space.
They had created an entire living
environment up there, complete with
concealment strategies and escape
routes. They had been watching us not as
temporary entertainment, but as a
sustained, systematic study, and I was
apparently their primary subject of
interest. The warm pillow had been a
message, whether intentional or not,
while my neighbors merited only
occasional observation, hence the folded
blankets positioned for comfort during
brief visits. I warranted extended
surveillance. Someone was spending hours
above my bedroom listening to my
breathing, my movements, my most private
moments. But why? The answer, when it
finally occurred to me, was so obvious
that I almost laughed at my own
blindness. I was the only resident who
had discovered the passages. My late
night investigation had been observed,
my movements tracked, my discovery
noted.
The warm pillow hadn't been evidence of
routine surveillance. It had been proof
that my observer had been watching me
explore their domain. They had been
there the entire time, concealed in one
of their carefully prepared hiding
places, monitoring my reaction to
finding their presence.
The tapping sounds had stopped because
they were no longer necessary. Their
purpose had been to lure someone into
investigation, and I had taken the bait
perfectly. Now I understood why the
building had such a high turnover rate.
Previous tenants had eventually
discovered the truth about their
situation and fled. I was simply the
latest in a long line of unwitting
subjects, selected for observation and
study until the psychological pressure
became unbearable.
But understanding the situation didn't
provide a solution.
How do you escape from someone who has
made the space above your bedroom their
permanent residence?
How do you sleep peacefully knowing that
every night someone settles onto a warm
pillow directly overhead, listening to
your most vulnerable moments?
I began leaving my apartment for
extended periods, hoping to break the
pattern of observation.
I stayed late at work, spent evenings at
coffee shops, even checked into a hotel
for several nights. But each time I
returned, subtle signs suggested that my
absence had been noted and my return
anticipated. A book moved slightly on my
nightstand. A chair positioned
differently than I'd left it. Small
changes that could be dismissed as
memory lapses if I hadn't been paying
such careful attention. The message was
clear. Distance was no escape. Wherever
I went, eventually I would have to
return home. And home had become a place
where privacy was an illusion. where the
ceiling above my bed concealed someone
whose purposes I couldn't fathom and
whose identity remained frustratingly
unknown. I considered confronting the
situation directly, returning to the
attic space and demanding answers from
whoever I found there. But the logical
part of my mind recognized the profound
danger in such an approach. Someone who
had gone to such elaborate lengths to
establish this surveillance network was
unlikely to respond positively to being
discovered. They had demonstrated
patience, planning ability, and an
intimate knowledge of the building
structure that suggested both
intelligence and potential instability.
Instead, I found myself adapting to my
new reality with a flexibility that
disturbed me almost as much as the
situation itself.
I began speaking aloud when alone in my
apartment, providing a running
commentary on my activities for my
unseen audience. I left small gifts on
my nightstand, books I thought they
might enjoy, snacks that could be easily
retrieved when I wasn't present. The
gifts disappeared.
This confirmation that my observer was
indeed accessing my apartment when I was
absent should have terrified me.
Instead, I felt an odd sense of relief.
At least now I knew the rules of our
strange relationship.
They watched, I performed, and somehow
we had achieved a twisted kind of
equilibrium. But equilibrium, I was
beginning to understand, was not the
same as resolution.
The longer this situation continued, the
more my grip on normal reality seemed to
loosen. I found myself lying awake at
night, listening for the subtle sounds
of movement overhead, straining to
detect any indication of my observer's
presence.
Sometimes I thought I heard breathing
that wasn't my own, a rhythm slightly
out of sync with my own respiratory
pattern. Other times I wondered if I was
simply losing my mind. The line between
paranoid delusion and rational response
to an impossible situation became
increasingly blurred. Was I really being
watched by someone living in the attic
space above my apartment? Or had the
stress of city living combined with my
own psychological predispositions
created an elaborate fantasy that felt
more real than reality itself?
The warm pillow had been real. I was
certain of that. But certainty I was
learning was a luxury that my current
situation couldn't afford.
Memory became unreliable under constant
stress. Perception shifted when filtered
through persistent anxiety. Even
photographic evidence could be
questioned when the photographers's
mental state was compromised.
What remained was the fundamental
question that had driven me to
investigation in the first place. What
was causing the sounds that had woken me
at 3:00 in the morning?
And now, as I lay in my bed each night,
staring at the ceiling and listening to
the absolute silence above, I realized
that the answer might be far more
disturbing than the question itself.
The sounds had been real. The passages
were real. The warm pillow had been
real. But the presence I felt watching
me now. The sensation of eyes in the
darkness, of breathing that matched my
own, of someone sharing my most private
moments. That might be something else
entirely.
Something that had learned to mimic the
patterns of human observation so
perfectly that the difference between
watcher and watched had become
meaningless.
Something that had been waiting in the
spaces above our daily lives far longer
than any of us could imagine. Something
that understood that the most effective
prison was one where the prisoner never
realized they were confined. As I write
these words, I can hear movement above
my ceiling. Soft, deliberate, patient,
the kind of sound someone might make
while settling onto a warm pillow,
preparing for another long night of
observation.
But I'm no longer certain who is
watching whom.
And I'm beginning to suspect that
distinction may never have mattered at
all.
Story five.
The humidity clung to my skin like a
second layer as I stepped out of the
hotel spa. That peculiar dampness that
expensive places never quite managed to
eliminate despite their marble surfaces
and eucalyptus scented air purifiers.
The wellness retreat had been a
lastminute decision. One of those
corporate packages that arrive in your
inbox when HR decides the office stress
levels have reached litigation worthy
heights.
Three days of mandatory relaxation at
the Grand View Resort, complete with
massage therapists who spoke in whispers
and served cucumber water and glasses
that cost more than my monthly gym
membership. The receptionist had been
pleasant enough when I'd signed the
guest book, her manicured fingers
sliding the pen across mahogany. The
gesture felt antiquated.
who signs physical books anymore? But
I'd played along, even scribbling my
Instagram handle below my signature with
that particular blend of embarrassment
and hope that characterizes modern
networking. You never know who might be
watching, who might follow, who might
open doors you didn't even know existed.
I should have known better.
The notifications started that evening
as I settled into my room on the seventh
floor. the standard hotel setup. Beige
walls, geometric carpet patterns
designed to hide stains, and windows
that revealed nothing but the parking
lot's amber glow. I'd been scrolling
through work emails when my phone buzzed
with the familiar chime of a new
follower. The username was simple
enough, emergency lens, with a profile
picture that showed nothing but a black
square.
The follow was accompanied by a direct
message containing a single photograph.
It was me leaving the spa. The image had
been taken from an elevated angle
somewhere above and to the right of the
main entrance. I appeared caught
midstride, one hand pushing against the
glass door, my expression vacant in that
particular way people look when they
think they're unobserved. The timestamp
showed it had been taken exactly 47
minutes earlier. I stared at the screen
until the automatic brightness dimmed.
My own reflection ghosting across the
image like a double exposure. Hotel
security cameras weren't unusual, but
guests weren't supposed to have access
to the feeds. I told myself it was
probably some automated system gone
rogue. Maybe a staff member playing an
elaborate prank on the corporate retreat
attendees. The second photograph arrived
while I was brushing my teeth. This one
showed me walking down the seventh floor
hallway toward my room. Taken from the
same elevated perspective, the angle
suggested the camera was positioned near
the emergency exit at the far end of the
corridor where the hallway bent toward
the fire stairs. I could see myself
checking my phone the exact moment I'd
been looking at the first photograph. My
toothbrush felt heavy in my hand as I
studied the image.
The emergency exit door was visible in
the frame's edge, and I could make out
what appeared to be a small dark lens
mounted just above the exit sign. The
kind of equipment that looked official
enough to belong, but discreet enough to
avoid questions. I rinsed and spat, the
mint taste sharp against the growing
metallic sensation in my mouth. The
third photograph came at 2:17 a.m.,
jerking me from the shallow sleep that
hotel rooms always provide. The flash of
my phone screen illuminated the room in
stark blue white. And for a moment, I
couldn't tell if I was awake or
dreaming. The image showed me lying in
bed, apparently asleep, though the time
stamp indicated it had been taken 15
minutes into the future. I sat up so
quickly that the room spun. The curtains
were drawn, the door was locked, and I
was alone on the seventh floor of a
building that required key cards for
elevator access. Yet somehow someone had
photographed me sleeping in a bed that
was supposedly private, secure,
protected by multiple layers of
hospitality industry security protocols.
The perspective suggested the camera was
inside the room, positioned somewhere
near the window. I fumbled for the lamp
switch, flooding the space with yellow
light that revealed nothing but standard
hotel furnishings, and my own growing
paranoia reflected in the mirror across
from the bed. I checked every corner,
every vent, every possible hiding spot
for surveillance equipment. The search
yielded nothing but dust bunnies, and
the kind of deep-seated anxiety that
makes your chest tight and your
breathing shallow. When I finally called
the front desk, the night manager's
voice carried that practiced combination
of concern and skepticism that service
industry professionals perfect over
years of handling strange requests from
guests who've had too much wine or too
little sleep. He assured me that hotel
security would investigate in the
morning, that guest privacy was their
highest priority, that surely there was
some misunderstanding. His words carried
the weight of policy manuals and
liability insurance, but underneath I
detected something else, a note of
recognition, as if my complaint wasn't
entirely unexpected. The fourth
photograph arrived while I was still on
the phone with the front desk. It showed
me sitting on the edge of the bed, phone
pressed to my ear, speaking with the
night manager. The image had been taken
from the same interior position, but the
timestamp indicated it was from 3 hours
in the future. 5:23 a.m., a time that
hadn't happened yet, but somehow already
existed in digital form. I hung up
without explanation. the next morning
brought coffee that tasted like burnt
plastic and a meeting with the hotel
security director, a woman whose
business cards identified her simply as
Reynolds. She wore the kind of Navy
blazer that suggested former law
enforcement, and spoke in the measured
tones of someone accustomed to managing
situations that fell outside normal
parameters. Reynolds examined my phone
with professional detachment, scrolling
through the photographs while I
explained the timeline discrepancies and
the impossible camera angles.
She nodded at appropriate intervals and
made notes on a pad that she kept tilted
away from my view. She explained that
the hotel security system had been
recently upgraded, that there might be
connectivity issues causing timestamp
errors, that guest privacy remained
their absolute priority. The emergency
exit camera I'd identified had been
installed as part of new fire safety
regulations, but access to its feed was
restricted to authorized personnel only.
When I asked about the emergency lens
account, Reynolds paused long enough
that I could hear the air conditioning
cycling in the walls around us. She told
me that social media monitoring wasn't
within her department's purview, but
that she'd look into it as a potential
security breach. The fifth photograph
arrived while we were talking. Reynolds
was mid-sentence when my phone buzzed,
and the expression that crossed her face
when she saw the screen made my stomach
drop. The image showed both of us
sitting in her office, taken from a
camera positioned somewhere behind my
left shoulder. Reynolds appeared to be
gesturing toward my phone, captured in
the exact moment she'd been explaining
the hotel's privacy policies. The time
stamp read 11:47 a.m. It was currently
11:23 a.m. Reynolds excused herself to
make some phone calls, leaving me alone
in her office with its motivational
posters about teamwork and its filing
cabinets that locked with keys she kept
on a retractable cord. Through the
window, I could see guests lounging by
the pool, their movements lazy and
unguarded in the afternoon sun.
They looked like people who'd never
questioned whether they were being
watched, never wondered if their privacy
was an illusion maintained only as long
as it remained convenient for others. I
spent the afternoon in my room, curtains
drawn, trying to identify patterns in
the surveillance. The photographs
arrived with mechanical regularity,
every few hours, each one showing me in
various states of ordinary existence.
eating room service, checking email,
standing at the window, looking down at
the parking lot, but the timestamps
remained inconsistent. Some showing
moments that had already passed, others
depicting scenes that wouldn't occur for
hours. The temporal displacement
suggested either sophisticated digital
manipulation or something far more
disturbing. the possibility that my
actions were being predicted, recorded
before they happened, as if free will
itself was just another illusion
maintained by people who'd never learned
to look for the cameras. The breaking
point came that evening when I decided
to file a formal complaint with the
corporate office. I'd found the parent
company's contact information online and
spent 20 minutes crafting an email that
detailed the surveillance, the
impossible timestamps, the hotel staff's
apparent familiarity with similar
incidents. The email was thorough,
professional, and desperate in the way
that communications become when you're
trying to convince strangers that your
reality has become unreliable. I hit
send at 8:42 p.m. The notification
arrived at 8:44 p.m. The photograph
showed me sitting at the hotel room
desk, laptop open, typing what appeared
to be an email. But according to the
timestamp, the image had been taken at
6:15 p.m., 2 and 1/2 hours before I'd
even opened my laptop. In the
photograph, I was typing the exact email
I just sent. I could see my own fingers
on the keyboard, could recognize the
concentration on my face, could even
make out portions of the text on the
screen. The complaint I'd crafted over
20 careful minutes had apparently been
photographed hours before I'd written
it, as if my decision to seek help had
been anticipated, recorded, and archived
before I'd even made it.
The room felt smaller suddenly, the
walls pressing inward with the weight of
observation. Every surface seemed to
hide potential lenses. Every shadow
might conceal equipment I lack the
expertise to detect. The air tasted
metallic, charged with the particular
electricity that comes from being
watched by intelligences you can't
identify or understand. I packed my bag
with movements that felt choreographed.
Wondering if my decision to leave was
being photographed even as I made it.
The elevator ride down felt eternal.
Each floor marked by the mechanical
certainty of numbers that decreased
toward ground level and what I hoped
might be escape. The lobby buzzed with
the usual hotel energy. Guests checking
in, checking out, moving through space
with the confidence of people who
believed they controlled their own
schedules. The night manager nodded as I
passed the front desk, and I wondered if
he was expecting my departure, if it too
had been predicted and recorded in some
impossible archive of predetermined
actions. Outside, the parking lot
stretched beneath sodium lights that
turned everything the color of old
photographs.
My car sat where I'd left it three days
earlier, unremarkable among the rows of
vehicles belonging to people who
probably slept without checking their
phones for evidence that their dreams
had been photographed. I drove for 2
hours before stopping at a gas station
where the fluorescent lighting felt
harsh and honest after the hotel's
carefully calibrated ambiance.
While filling the tank, I checked my
phone for the inevitable final message.
It was waiting. A photograph of me
standing at gas pump number seven, taken
from an angle that suggested a camera
mounted on the station's canopy, but the
timestamp showed a future I hadn't
reached yet. 2:47 a.m. Still 43 minutes
away.
I was holding my phone in the image,
apparently looking at a photograph of
myself at a gas station. The recursive
loop made my hands shake as I tried to
understand which moment was real, which
was prediction, which was memory.
The photograph showed me looking at what
appeared to be the same photograph. And
that photograph seemed to show me
looking at another image, creating an
infinite regression of surveillance that
stretched backward and forward through
time like reflections in opposing
mirrors.
I finished pumping gas with mechanical
precision, paid with cash, and drove
home through streets that felt
provisional, temporary, as if the entire
landscape might reorganize itself the
moment I stopped paying attention. The
apartment I returned to looked exactly
as I'd left it, but everything felt
different. The furniture seemed
positioned for optimal camera angles.
The windows faced directions that would
accommodate external surveillance. The
mirrors reflected not just my image, but
the possibility that every reflection
was being recorded, analyzed, archived
by systems I couldn't see or comprehend.
I checked my phone one final time before
attempting sleep. The Emergency Lens
account had posted a final message, a
single photograph showing me lying in my
own bed in my own apartment, apparently
asleep. The timestamp indicated it had
been taken 6 months in the future. In
the image, I appeared older, thinner,
with the hollowed look of someone who'd
spent too long wondering whether their
actions were their own or merely
performances in someone else's
documentation project.
The bedroom looked different, too,
rearranged, redecorated, as if I'd been
living there much longer than the lease
agreement suggested. But what disturbed
me most was my expression in the
photograph.
Even asleep, my face carried the weight
of constant vigilance.
the exhaustion of someone who'd learned
that privacy was a luxury that could be
revoked without notice or explanation.
I turned off the phone and lay in
darkness, listening to the building
settle around me. Every creek might be
footsteps. Every distant sound might be
equipment being positioned for
tomorrow's surveillance.
Sleep felt like surrender, but
consciousness offered no escape from the
growing certainty that my life had
become something I observed rather than
something I lived.
Somewhere in the walls or in the
building across the street or in systems
I lacked the imagination to conceive,
cameras were probably recording this
moment, too. The moment I realized that
the emergency exit I'd been looking for
didn't lead outside at all. It led
deeper into a building I'd never chosen
to enter, whose architecture I'd never
learned to navigate, whose purpose
remained hidden behind lenses that saw
everything and revealed nothing. And in
6 months, according to the timestamp,
I'd still be here, still sleeping, still
being watched, still wondering if the
person in the photographs was really me,
or just someone who looked like me,
someone who'd learned to perform the
actions of a life without ever quite
living it. The last thing I remember
before finally falling asleep was the
sound of my phone buzzing with another
notification and the absolute certainty
that I wouldn't check it until morning.
A decision that had probably already
been photographed, archived, and
scheduled for delivery at precisely the
right moment to keep me questioning
whether the choice had ever been mine to
make.
Story six.
The base hit my chest like a
sledgehammer, each thump reverberating
through my ribs until I could no longer
distinguish between my heartbeat and the
relentless 44 pattern that commanded the
warehouse.
Strobe lights carved the darkness into
fractured moments, bodies writhing in
frozen snapshots, arms raised toward the
industrial ceiling like supplicants
worshiping some electronic deity. I'd
been standing near the concrete wall for
what felt like hours, nursing the same
warm beer and watching the crowd pulse
with mechanical precision.
That's when he found me. Or maybe I
found him. The sequence blurs when I try
to recall it now, like trying to
remember the exact moment you fall
asleep. One second I was alone,
shoulders pressed against the cold wall,
and the next his fingers were wrapped
around my sleeve with surprising
firmness. He leaned close, close enough
that I should have smelled his breath or
felt the heat from his skin, but there
was only the antiseptic scent of ozone
that follows lightning strikes. "The
rhythm doesn't want you sitting," he
said, though his lips barely moved. "The
words seemed to emerge from somewhere
deeper than his throat, harmonizing with
the low frequency pulse that shook the
building's foundation. I wanted to pull
away to tell him I wasn't sitting at
all, but something in his grip suggested
this wasn't a conversation. His fingers,
long and surprisingly cold through the
fabric, guided me toward the dance floor
with gentle insistence. The crowd parted
around us like oil separating from
water. Dancers stepping aside without
looking, their movement still perfectly
synchronized to the hypnotic beat. The
lights strobed faster now. Or maybe my
perception had shifted. Each flash
revealed new details. The beads of
condensation on the massive speakers.
The network of cables snaking across the
concrete floor. The way shadows seemed
to bend at impossible angles. But mostly
I noticed his hand, still gripping my
sleeve, never loosening despite the
constant motion around us. When the beat
dropped, everything changed. The
warehouse plunged into absolute
darkness, the kind that makes you
question whether your eyes are open or
closed. The base continued its
relentless assault, but now it felt like
it was coming from inside my skull,
vibrating through my bones and teeth. In
that instant of blindness, I felt his
grip tighten, then release. The strobes
returned with violent intensity, and he
was gone. I spun in place, searching the
crowd, but saw only the familiar sea of
anonymous faces lost in chemical
euphoria.
My sleeve, however, still bore the
phantom pressure of his fingers. I
rubbed the fabric, expecting to find it
stretched or torn, but it appeared
unchanged. Still, the sensation
persisted, five distinct points of
contact, cool and firm, as if he'd never
let go. The next drop came without
warning. Darkness again, deeper this
time, swallowing even the exit signs and
emergency lighting. The base became a
living thing, crawling up my spine and
settling behind my eyes. Somewhere in
the void, I heard movement, footsteps
that didn't match the rhythm, a
displacement of air that spoke of
something large passing nearby. When the
lights exploded back to life, he stood 3
ft to my left. Same clothes, same
posture, but now his hand extended
toward me across the impossible
distance, still somehow connected to my
sleeve. His arm stretched like black
taffy, maintaining its grip while his
body occupied an entirely different
space.
The dancers around us continued their
trance-like movements, oblivious to the
geometric impossibility unfolding in
their midst. I tried to step away, but
the elastic connection held firm. His
arms simply extended further, defying
every law of physics I'd ever
understood. When I moved right, he
appeared on my right during the next
blackout. When I pushed through the
crowd toward the rear of the warehouse,
I found him waiting behind me, his
impossible appendage having somehow
navigated through dozens of gyrating
bodies without touching a single one.
The realization crept in gradually like
cold water rising in a sinking ship. He
wasn't following me. He was anchored to
me. Every light drop, every moment of
darkness became an opportunity for him
to relocate while maintaining that
supernatural tether. His face remained
expressionless throughout these
transitions, eyes focused on something
just over my shoulder, as if he were
watching a performance I couldn't see. I
began timing the drops, trying to
predict when the lights would fail and
he would shift position. The pattern
seemed random at first, but gradually I
detected an underlying structure. Seven
beats, then darkness, 11 beats, then
darkness. 13 beats, then darkness.
prime numbers ascending in perfect
mathematical sequence. During the 13th
blackout, I felt his breath against my
ear. "Do you hear it?" he whispered,
though his body remained invisible in
the darkness. The rhythm between the
rhythm. I strained to listen, filtering
out the obvious 44 pattern, the
synthetic melodies, the distant
conversations.
Gradually, I became aware of something
else. A secondary beat that existed in
the spaces between the primary pulses.
It was subtle, almost subliminal, like a
heartbeat heard through a stethoscope
pressed against the wrong chest. When
the lights returned, he stood directly
in front of me, close enough that our
chests nearly touched. His arm had
contracted back to normal proportions,
but his hand maintained its death grip
on my sleeve. Up close, I could see that
his eyes weren't quite right. They
reflected the strobing lights like a
cat's. But the reflections came a split
second too late, as if the light had to
travel through some additional medium
before reaching his retinas.
"You're beginning to understand," he
said without moving his lips. "The words
arrived in my head, fully formed,
bypassing my ears entirely. "The rhythm
doesn't want you sitting, because the
rhythm doesn't want you still. Movement
is currency here. Motion is prayer."
The crowd around us had begun to change.
What I'd initially interpreted as random
dancing now revealed itself as something
far more organized. Every person moved
in precise relation to their neighbors,
creating wave patterns that rippled
outward from the center of the floor.
Arm movements traced geometric shapes in
the air, while footwork described
intricate mandala patterns on the
concrete. The entire assembly had become
a single organism, breathing and pulsing
with unanimous purpose. How long have I
been here? I asked, though I wasn't sure
if I spoke aloud or merely thought the
question.
Time moves differently when you're
properly aligned, he replied, his grip
shifting but never releasing. The rhythm
has been calling to you for months. You
felt it in your apartment, that
persistent baseline bleeding through the
walls from your neighbor's stereo. You
felt it in your car, the way certain
songs made your steering wheel vibrate
in perfect harmony with your pulse. You
felt it at work, the fluorescent lights
flickering in patterns that seemed
almost musical.
Memory flooded back in disjointed
fragments. The sleepless nights spent
listening to that repetitive thump from
next door. The way I'd started timing my
breathing to match radio beats during
traffic jams. The growing compulsion to
tap my fingers against surfaces in
increasingly complex rhythms. Had those
experiences been real, or was this
stranger somehow implanting false
memories?
The 17th drop arrived with crushing
intensity.
This time the darkness felt permanent.
The base continued, but now it seemed to
come from every direction at once,
above, below, within.
I could feel the crowd still moving
around me, their synchronized breathing
creating subtle air currents that
brushed against my skin. His hand
remained attached to my sleeve, but now
I sensed rather than felt it like
phantom pain from an amputated limb. The
warehouse is just a vessel. His voice
echoed from everywhere and nowhere. The
rhythm exists independently of
architecture. It preceded the building
and it will outlast the building. We
simply gather here because the acoustics
are favorable.
When the lights returned, I was alone.
The crowd continued their hypnotic
dance, but my mysterious companion had
vanished completely. My sleeve, however,
still bore that familiar pressure. Five
points of contact that pulsed with each
base hit. I examined the fabric closely
and noticed something that made my
stomach lurch. The area where his
fingers had gripped was slightly
discolored, as if the dye had been
leeched away by prolonged contact with
something acidic. I pushed through the
crowd toward the exit, but the dancers
seemed to resist my movement. Not
aggressively, they simply failed to step
aside, forcing me to navigate an
increasingly dense maze of synchronized
bodies. With each step, the pressure on
my sleeve intensified as if invisible
elastic were being stretched to its
breaking point. Near the warehouse
entrance, I encountered a security guard
slumped in a folding chair. His head
nodded in perfect time with the beat,
eyes closed, lips moving silently as if
reciting a prayer. I shook his shoulder,
desperate for some acknowledgement of
the outside world. But he didn't
respond. His skin felt cold and oddly
rigid, like clay that had been left to
dry. "Excuse me," I said louder this
time. "I need to leave."
He opened his eyes without lifting his
head. The pupils were completely
dilated. Black circles that reflected
nothing. When he spoke, his voice
harmonized with the baseline. "The
rhythm doesn't want you leaving," he
said, then closed his eyes and resumed
his nodding meditation. "I tried the
door anyway, but the handle refused to
turn. Through the small window, I could
see the parking lot bathed in orange
streetlight. My car sat exactly where
I'd left it. Keys visible on the
dashboard where I'd forgotten them hours
earlier. Or had it been hours? The
digital clock on my phone showed 3:17
a.m., but I couldn't remember what time
I'd arrived. Behind me, the bass
underwent a subtle shift. The primary
beat remained constant, but that
secondary rhythm, the one between the
rhythm, grew stronger. It was hypnotic,
almost seductive, pulling at something
deep in my brain stem where logic gives
way to instinct. I turned back toward
the dance floor, and there he was again,
standing in the exact center of the
crowd, arms raised, swaying with fluid
grace despite having no visible
connection to my sleeve. But I could
feel his grip more strongly than ever,
as if the intervening distance had
somehow amplified rather than weakened
our bond. His impossible reach now
spanned the entire warehouse, threading
through dozens of bodies without
disturbing a single dancer. "The rhythm
is patient," he said, his words arriving
in my consciousness like drops of ice
water. It waited for you to recognize
the pattern. It waited for you to
understand that resistance only creates
discord. It waited for you to realize
that you've been dancing to this beat
your entire life. You just never had
proper partners. The crowd began to
thin, but not in any natural way.
Dancers simply faded at the edges of my
vision, dissolving like smoke until only
the core group remained. These final
devotees moved with even greater
precision. Their bodies describing
mathematical perfection in
three-dimensional space. I noticed that
many of them bore the same discolored
patches on their clothing, sleeve marks,
pant leg stains, collar bleaching,
evidence of prolonged contact with
something that left no other trace.
What are you? I finally asked,
abandoning any pretense of normaly.
We are the rhythm, he replied. Though
now the voice seemed to come from
multiple sources. We are the spaces
between the beats, the silence that
gives music meaning. We are what you
hear when you listen to the sound your
blood makes rushing through your veins.
The 23rd drop lasted exactly 13 seconds.
In that extended darkness, I felt
something fundamental shift. The
pressure on my sleeve didn't just
intensify. It spread, creeping up my arm
like rising water. But instead of alarm,
I experienced something approaching
relief. The sensation was warm now,
comforting, like being embraced by
someone who understood me completely.
When the lights returned, my reflection
stared back from the warehouse's dirty
windows. But the reflection moved
independently, raising its arms when
mine hung at my sides, swaying when I
stood perfectly still. The discolored
patch on my sleeve had expanded,
covering most of my forearm with what
looked like burn marks from invisible
fingers. "Do you understand now?" he
asked, though I couldn't locate him in
the crowd. "The rhythm doesn't want you
sitting because the rhythm doesn't want
you separate. We are all connected, all
part of the same infinite pattern. Your
individual consciousness is just another
beat in the eternal song. I wanted to
argue, to insist on my independence, to
demand release from whatever hold he had
on me. But the secondary rhythm had
grown so strong that I could barely
think above its hypnotic pulse. My feet
began moving without conscious
direction, finding the pattern that the
other dancers had already mastered. My
arms rose in precise coordination with
strangers who no longer seemed quite so
strange. The base reached crescendo and
every light in the warehouse exploded
simultaneously.
In the absolute darkness that followed,
I felt the final transformation begin.
The grip on my sleeve was no longer
external. It had become part of me,
woven into my very substance. I could
sense the other dancers around me, not
through sight or sound, but through
vibration, through the shared pulse that
connected us all in an invisible web of
rhythm and motion. When the emergency
lighting finally kicked in, casting
everything in hellish red, I stood alone
in an empty warehouse. The sound system
had fallen silent. Cables lay
disconnected and coiled like sleeping
snakes. Dust moes danced in the
emergency lights crimson glow, following
patterns that seemed almost
choreographed. My car keys were in my
hand, though I couldn't remember
retrieving them from the dashboard. I
walked to my car on unsteady legs,
started the engine, and drove home
through streets that seemed wider than I
remembered, past buildings that didn't
quite match my mental map of the city.
The radio wouldn't tune to any station,
just static punctuated by brief moments
of that familiar baseline bleeding
through the white noise.
At home, I examined my sleeve under the
bathroom light. The discolored patch had
faded to almost nothing, just a slight
variation in the fabric's texture that
might have been there all along. I
showered, changed clothes, and tried to
convince myself that nothing unusual had
happened. Just another night at another
underground party, fueled by substances
that created false memories and phantom
sensations. But as I lay in bed,
listening to the familiar sounds of my
apartment building settling into sleep,
I became aware of something new. A
rhythm underlying the random creeks and
size of aging wood and metal. A pattern
in the distant traffic noise. A beat
that seemed to emanate from the walls
themselves. My neighbors stereo, silent
for weeks, began its familiar pulse. I
pressed my ear against the shared wall
and felt the baseline travel through my
skull like a living thing. The rhythm
was identical to what I'd experienced in
the warehouse. Not similar, but exactly
the same down to the subtle mathematical
progression of the beat drops. And
beneath it, barely audible but
definitely present, I could hear the
secondary pattern that existed in the
spaces between the primary pulses. The
rhythm that didn't want me sitting. As I
write this, three days have passed since
that night. The music from next door has
never stopped, cycling through the same
hypnotic progression over and over. I've
tried knocking on my neighbor's door,
but there's never any answer. The
building superintendent claims the
apartment has been vacant for 6 months.
Sometimes when the base hits just right,
I feel that familiar pressure on my
sleeve. Five points of contact, cool and
firm, anchored to something that exists
just outside the range of normal
perception. I've started timing my
breathing to match the rhythm. And I've
noticed that my pulse automatically
synchronizes with the beat drops. When I
sleep, I dream of an endless dance floor
where figures move in perfect
mathematical harmony. their faces hidden
in shadows that bend at impossible
angles. The rhythm is patient, but it's
also persistent. I've begun to
understand that the warehouse was never
the destination. It was just a
recruitment center, a place where the
rhythm could find suitable partners.
Those of us who heard the secondary
beat, who felt the pull of the pattern
underlying the pattern, were never meant
to leave unchanged. We were meant to
become living amplifiers, broadcasting
the signal to others who might be ready
to listen. Tonight, as I finish writing
this account, I can hear footsteps in
the hallway outside my apartment. They
don't match any normal walking pattern.
Too precise, too synchronized, moving in
time with the baseline that never stops.
The footsteps pause outside my door, and
I know without looking that someone is
standing there waiting. The rhythm
doesn't want me sitting anymore. It
wants me dancing.
Story seven.
The fluorescent lights above pump 3 have
been flickering for weeks now, casting
intermittent shadows that dance between
the concrete islands like restless
spirits. I've grown accustomed to their
erratic rhythm during my midnight shifts
at the station. the way they hum and
buzz before dying for exactly 7 seconds,
then blazing back to life with renewed
vengeance. It's during those 7 seconds
of darkness that he appears.
I first noticed him 3 weeks ago on a
Tuesday that felt more like a slow
descent into purgatory than any earthly
weekday. The autumn air carried that
distinct petroleum smell mixed with the
dying leaves from the oak tree that
looms behind the service building, its
branches reaching toward pump three like
gnarled fingers. I was restocking the
energy drinks in aisle 2 when the lights
died their 7-second death. And when they
returned, there he was, standing
perfectly still between pump 3 and the
narrow alley that separates our station
from the abandoned hardware store next
door. He wore a gray wool coat that
seemed too heavy for the weather, its
fabric absorbing the harsh fluorescent
light rather than reflecting it. His
face remained partially obscured by the
shadow cast from the pump's canopy, but
I could make out the angular line of his
jaw and the methodical way his lips
moved around the cigarette that never
seemed to burn down. What unsettled me
most was his posture, unnaturally
straight, like a soldier at attention,
yet somehow wrong, as if gravity
affected him differently than the rest
of us. I watched him through the
reinforced glass of the store, my
reflection ghosting over his figure,
creating a disturbing double image that
made my stomach twist. He stood there
for exactly 11 minutes. I know because I
counted every second on the register's
clock before lifting the cigarette to
his lips one final time and walking back
into the alley. When I stepped outside
to investigate, I found nothing but the
lingering smell of tobacco and something
else. something medicinal and bitter
that reminded me of the hospital where
my father spent his final weeks. The
next night, he returned at precisely
2:47 a.m. during the same 7-second
blackout. This time, I positioned myself
behind the lottery ticket display where
I could observe him without being seen.
He performed the same ritual, that
unnaturally perfect posture, the
methodical smoking, the 11-minute vigil.
But as I watched, I began to notice
details that defied explanation. His
cigarette never seemed to produce ash,
yet wisps of smoke curled upward in
perfect spirals that maintained their
shape far longer than physics should
allow. The smoke didn't dissipate in the
autumn breeze. Instead, it hung in the
air like frozen breath, forming patterns
that looked almost like numbers.
It was during his third visit that he
began to speak. I couldn't hear him from
inside the store, but I could see his
lips moving in a deliberate rhythm, as
if he were reciting something memorized.
The cadence of his speech matched the
flickering of the lights above pump 3.
Each syllable synchronized with the
electrical fluctuations that had begun
to occur more frequently.
I pressed my ear against the glass,
straining to catch even a fragment of
his words. But the thick barrier muffled
everything except the persistent hum of
the refrigeration units and the distant
rumble of late night traffic on the
interstate.
That's when I made the mistake of
stepping outside. The automatic doors
wheezed open, their sensors detecting my
approach with that familiar electronic
chime that usually comforted me during
the lonely hours of my shift. But
tonight, the sound seemed too loud, too
sharp, cutting through the October air
like a blade. He turned toward me with a
movement so fluid it seemed rehearsed.
And for the first time, I saw his face
clearly. His features were ordinary
enough. Thin nose, pale skin, eyes that
might have been brown or green in
different light. But there was something
in his expression, a knowing quality
that suggested he had been expecting
this moment, perhaps even orchestrating
it. His lips curved into what might have
been a smile, though it never quite
reached his eyes.
"3:15 tomorrow morning," he said, his
voice carrying easily across the space
between us, despite its conversational
volume. "You'll take your break at 3:15,
7 minutes and 32 seconds."
The specificity of his statement hit me
like cold water. My break schedule
wasn't predetermined. I took breaks when
the store was empty, when the late night
rush died down to nothing but the
occasional trucker stopping for coffee
and diesel. There was no way he could
know when I would take my next break,
let alone predict it down to the second.
I opened my mouth to respond to ask how
he could possibly know such a thing, but
he had already turned away. With the
same fluid motion, he lifted the
cigarette to his lips one final time,
drew deeply, and then instead of
dropping it or crushing it underfoot
like any normal person would, he simply
let it fall from his fingers. The
cigarette landed filter up on the
asphalt, and impossibly it remained
standing. The burning tip glowed like a
tiny beacon, but instead of the red
orange ember I expected, it pulsed with
a cold blue white light that reminded me
of winter mornings and morg
fluorescents. Ash began to fall from the
standing cigarette in a steady stream,
but rather than scattering in the
breeze, the gray particles arranged
themselves in a perfect circle around
the base. I watched, frozen in place, as
more ash accumulated, forming intricate
patterns within the circle. The design
gradually took shape. A clock face with
12 distinct points marking the hours.
But the hands, formed from the darkest
ash, moved in the wrong direction,
sweeping counterclockwise with
mechanical precision. By the time I
found the courage to move closer, he had
vanished into the alley. The cigarette
continued to burn in its impossible
vertical position. The ash clock
continuing its backward march through
time. I knelt beside it, close enough to
feel the unnatural cold radiating from
the ember, close enough to see that the
hands pointed to 3:15.
I don't remember walking back into the
store, but I must have because the next
thing I knew, I was standing behind the
counter, staring at my reflection in the
black screen of the security monitor. My
face looked pale and drawn, older
somehow, as if the encounter had aged me
in ways that couldn't be measured in
minutes or hours. The rest of my shift
passed in a haze of routine tasks
performed on autopilot.
I restocked merchandise, cleaned the
coffee machines, and processed the
occasional transaction with customers
who seemed to exist at the periphery of
my consciousness. But my attention
remained fixed on the view through the
window, where the impossible cigarette
continued to burn, its ash clock marking
time in reverse. At exactly 3:15 a.m., I
felt an overwhelming compulsion to step
outside. The urge came from somewhere
deeper than conscious thought, as if my
body had been programmed to respond to
an invisible signal. I tried to resist,
gripping the edge of the counter until
my knuckles turned white. But the
compulsion grew stronger with each
passing second.
Finally, I gave in, telling myself I was
just going to check the pump readings, a
routine task that needed to be done
anyway. The moment I stepped outside,
the automatic timer in my head began
counting. 7 minutes and 32 seconds.
I knew with absolute certainty that I
would return to the store in exactly
that amount of time, though I couldn't
explain how I knew or why it mattered.
The ash clock had grown more elaborate
during the hours since his visit. The
patterns were more complex now,
resembling the intricate mechanisms of
an antique time piece. As I watched, new
ash continued to fall from the standing
cigarette, adding details to the design.
tiny gears and springs and wheels that
seem to turn and mesh with mechanical
precision. I knelt again, studying the
impossible construction. The ash was
cold to the touch, colder than the
October air around me. And when I tried
to brush a small portion away with my
finger, it reformed instantly, as if the
pattern existed independent of the
physical ash that gave it shape.
7 minutes and 32 seconds later, I found
myself back inside the store, though I
had no memory of walking there. The
transition felt seamless, like waking
from a dream only to discover that the
dream was reality, and reality was
something else entirely. This became the
pattern. Every night at 2:47 a.m. During
the 7-second blackout, he would appear.
Every night, he would announce the exact
time of my next break down to the
second. And every night I would find
myself compelled to take that break at
precisely the predicted moment, standing
over the ash clock that grew more
complex with each passing day. The
cigarette never burned down. If
anything, it seemed to grow longer, more
substantial, as if it were feeding on
something other than tobacco. The flame
that crowned it had shifted from blue
white to deep purple, casting strange
shadows that moved independently of any
light source I could identify. I began
documenting everything, the exact times,
the duration of each break, the evolving
patterns in the ash. I filled a notebook
with observations, sketches, theories
that led nowhere. I considered calling
in sick, finding excuses to avoid the
night shift, but somehow I knew that
wouldn't help. This wasn't about the job
or the location. It was about me, about
something that had marked me for reasons
I couldn't begin to understand. Sleep
became elusive during my days off. I
would lie in bed staring at the ceiling,
my mind racing through possibilities
that ranged from elaborate pranks to
supernatural intervention to the gradual
dissolution of my sanity. None of the
explanations felt adequate. A prank
couldn't account for the standing
cigarette or the impossible ash
patterns. Supernatural forces belong to
movies and ghost stories, not to the
mundane reality of working the graveyard
shift at a gas station. and madness felt
too simple, too convenient, a catch-all
explanation that solved nothing. The
worst part was the waiting.
Each night as 247 approached, I would
find myself growing tense, my heart rate
increasing, my palms sweating despite
the autumn chill that seeped through the
store's inadequate insulation. I began
to dread the 7-second blackout, yet also
anticipated with a hunger that disturbed
me more than any supernatural
explanation could. During the fourth
week, the ash clock began to chime. The
sound was barely audible at first, a
soft metallic ping that coincided with
the backward movement of the ash hands.
But each night, the chimes grew louder,
more insistent, until they became a
constant background noise that followed
me even when I was inside the store. The
sound reminded me of windchimes in a
graveyard, or the distant ringing of
church bells heard through thick fog. It
was during this time that I began to
notice other changes. Customers who had
been regulars for months suddenly looked
different. Their faces slightly wrong,
as if someone had attempted to recreate
them from imperfect memory. The woman
who bought coffee and cigarettes every
morning at 6:00 a.m. still came in at
the same time, still ordered the same
items, but her eyes were now different
colors, and her voice carried an accent
that hadn't been there before. The
delivery drivers who restocked our
shelves spoke in languages I didn't
recognize, though they responded
appropriately when I spoke to them in
English. The beer distributor, who had
been flirting with me for 2 years,
suddenly acted as if we'd never met,
requiring me to show identification and
explain policies he had helped me
implement. I began to suspect that I was
losing time, experiencing gaps in
consciousness that I couldn't account
for. I started keeping a detailed log of
my activities, noting every transaction,
every customer interaction, every
routine task. But when I reviewed the
logs the next day, I would find entries
written in my handwriting that I had no
memory of creating, observations about
customers I didn't remember serving,
notes about conversations that had never
taken place. The most disturbing entries
were the ones that described my breaks.
According to the log, I was taking far
more breaks than I remembered. Sometimes
three or four per night, always at
times, he had predicted with
mathematical precision. These breaks
apparently lasted much longer than I
thought, sometimes hours rather than
minutes. Yet, the security cameras
showed no gaps in coverage, no periods
when the store was left unattended. I
began to wonder if I was experiencing
some form of split consciousness, if
part of me was living through
experiences that my conscious mind
couldn't access. The thought terrified
me more than any supernatural
explanation because it suggested that I
was no longer in control of my own life,
that something or someone else was
directing my actions during these lost
periods. The ash clock now covered an
area roughly 6 ft in diameter. Its
patterns so intricate they resembled the
blueprint for some impossibly complex
machine.
New elements appeared each night.
Additional clock faces showing different
times, all moving backward at different
speeds. Some showed hours, others
minutes, still others seconds that
ticked away in reverse with metronomic
precision. I tried disturbing the
pattern several times, sweeping portions
of it away with my foot or scattering it
with my hands. But the ash always
reformed, usually within seconds, as if
the pattern existed in some dimension
parallel to the physical ash that made
it visible. More unsettling was the
discovery that after each attempt at
destruction, the pattern would be
slightly different upon reformation. Not
wrong exactly, but evolved, as if my
interference had triggered some form of
adaptive response.
On a Thursday night in early November,
something changed. He appeared as usual
during the 7-second blackout, took his
position between pump three and the
alley, lit what appeared to be the same
impossible cigarette. But instead of
standing in silence for 11 minutes, he
began to walk slowly around the ash
clock, his movements precise and
ritualistic. As he circled the pattern,
I noticed that the various clock faces
began to synchronize, their backward
moving hands aligning to show the same
impossible time. The chiming grew
louder, more urgent. creating a harmony
that seemed to resonate in my bones. And
for the first time since this began, he
looked directly at me through the store
window. His eyes were no longer brown or
green, but black. Not dark brown or
pupil dilated black, but the absolute
absence of color, as if someone had cut
holes in his face that led to empty
space. When our gazes met, I felt
something shift inside my head. A
sensation like falling backward through
my own memories.
Suddenly, I understood that the backward
moving clocks weren't just marking time
in reverse. They were unwinding my life,
pulling me back through moments I had
already lived, experiences I had already
survived. Each tick of those impossible
hands was stealing seconds from my
future and adding them to some cosmic
debt I didn't remember accumulating.
The realization came with perfect
clarity. I was dying in reverse, aging
backward one second at a time, and
eventually I would reach the moment of
my birth and simply
cease.
Not die in any conventional sense, but
unravel completely as if I had never
existed at all. But even as this
terrible knowledge filled my mind, I
couldn't be certain it was real.
The human brain pushed beyond its limits
is capable of constructing elaborate
delusions that feel more convincing than
reality itself.
Perhaps none of this was happening.
Perhaps I was simply a man working too
many night shifts, his mind fracturing
under the weight of isolation and
fluorescent lighting and the persistent
smell of gasoline and industrial coffee.
Yet here I am writing these words during
what may be my final break, watching the
ash clock's hands sweep backward through
time while he stands sentinel beside
pump three. The cigarette burns with its
impossible purple flame. The chimes grow
louder with each passing moment, and I
can feel myself becoming younger,
lighter, less substantial with every
backward second. I don't know if anyone
will find this notebook or if it will
survive whatever process is unmaking me.
I don't know if the man beside pump 3 is
real or if he's a projection of my
fragmenting psyche. I don't even know if
this gas station exists or if I'm lying
in some hospital bed. My mind
constructing elaborate fantasies while
my body slowly fails. What I do know is
that in 7 minutes and 18 seconds, I will
take another break.
The compulsion is already building. That
familiar pressure behind my eyes that
tells me I have no choice in the matter.
And when I step outside, I suspect it
will be for the last time. Not because I
will die, but because I will finally
unwind completely, becoming nothing more
than ash scattered on the wind. The
lights above pump 3 are flickering
faster now. Their 7-second deaths
occurring every few moments. Each
blackout brings him closer, makes him
more solid, more real. Or perhaps it's
making me less real. I can no longer
tell the difference.
The backward clock shows 11:43 p.m.,
though the register claims it's 4:12
a.m. Time has become negotiable, subject
to revision, and I am caught between two
versions of reality that cannot both be
true. In 6 minutes and 57 seconds, I
will step outside one final time. The
ash clock is calling to me, its chimes
now loud enough to rattle the windows.
And I know that when I kneel beside that
impossible cigarette, I will finally
understand everything or nothing at all.
The choice between enlightenment and
madness may be no choice at all.
Story 8.
The carousel music had been playing the
same warped melody for 20 minutes. Each
note slightly off pitch, creating a
discord that seemed to crawl under my
skin. I stood in line for the splash
zone, watching the artificial waterfall
crash down in predictable intervals.
Each cascade sending up clouds of mist
that caught the afternoon light like
suspended diamonds. The theme park's
cheerful facade felt wrong today. too
bright, too forced, like a smile painted
over a grimace. The man behind me
breathed heavily through his mouth, each
exhale warm against the back of my neck
despite the 3 ft of space between us.
I'd noticed him when I first joined the
line, mostly because of his age, 40some,
maybe older, with graying temples and
the kind of desperate enthusiasm that
made you look away. He wore a faded band
t-shirt from the '9s and kept checking
his phone, typing messages with the
urgent tap tap tap of someone trying to
reconnect with something slipping away.
When his hand touched my shoulder blade,
I froze. The contact was brief but
deliberate, fingers pressing through my
shirt fabric with the familiarity of
someone who'd done this a thousand times
before.
I turned, expecting to see confusion or
embarrassment, but his face held
something else entirely. A moment of
perfect certainty before reality crashed
back.
"Sorry," he mumbled, his voice carrying
the hollow echo of genuine shock. "I
thought you were someone else." The way
he said it made my stomach clench, not
the casual mistake of touching a
stranger, but the recognition of
something that shouldn't exist. His eyes
lingered on mine for a heartbeat too
long, searching for something I couldn't
name before he stepped back and became
just another face in the crowd. I moved
forward in line, but the feeling of his
touch remained, a phantom pressure that
seemed to pulse with my heartbeat. The
cheerful screams from the ride ahead
sounded different now, less joyful and
more desperate, as if the people
plummeting through the artificial
waterfall were falling towards something
far worse than a splash pool. The line
crawled forward with mechanical
precision. Children clutched cotton
candy that left their fingers sticky and
pink. Teenagers posed for selfies with
exaggerated expressions of terror and
delight. Everything normal. Everything
exactly as it should be, except for the
growing certainty that I was being
watched. Not by the man behind me. He'd
become absorbed in his phone again,
thumbs moving frantically across the
screen. This was something else. a
weight of attention that seemed to press
against my peripheral vision. I tried to
locate the source, scanning the crowd
with practiced casualness, but found
only the usual collection of families
and thrillsekers, each absorbed in their
own small dramas.
The splash zone loomed ahead, a mountain
of fiberglass and concrete designed to
look like a natural cave system. Water
thundered down its face in sheets,
pooling at the bottom before being
cycled back to the top through hidden
pumps. The engineering was impressive,
but there was something unsettling about
the artificial nature of it all. The way
the rocks were too perfect, the water
too clean, the danger too carefully
controlled. I climbed into the ride
vehicle, a boat-like contraption with
safety bars that locked with an ominous
click. The seat was still damp from the
previous riders, the moisture seeping
through my jeans with uncomfortable
intimacy. As we began the slow climb
toward the first drop, I found myself
thinking about the man's touch. The way
his fingers had known exactly where to
find my shoulder blade, as if he'd done
it before. The first drop came without
warning, gravity taking hold with
ruthless efficiency. Water exploded
around us in carefully choreographed
chaos. And for a moment, suspended
between terror and exhilaration, I
forgot about everything else. But as we
splashed into the pool at the bottom,
something caught my eye. Foam from the
impact had scattered across the concrete
walkway, white bubbles catching the
light like scattered pearls. At first,
it seemed random, just the natural
result of water meeting air at high
velocity. But as I watched, the foam
began to settle into patterns, shifting
and regrouping with impossible
precision. Letter by letter, my name
appeared in the foam, not printed or
sprayed, but formed by the natural
movement of bubbles finding their
destined positions. Each letter took
shape with deliberate slowness, as if
the water itself was learning to write.
The D formed first, a perfect curve of
interlocking bubbles. Then the A, an
apex of foam that held its triangular
shape despite the gentle breeze. The
remaining letters followed in sequence,
each one more impossible than the last.
My hands gripped the safety bar until my
knuckles went white. Other passengers
climbed out of their boats, chattering
about the ride's intensity, but none of
them seemed to notice the foam letters
spelling out my identity on the ground.
They stepped through the display without
acknowledgement, their feet scattering
the bubbles back into meaningless chaos.
But the letters reformed again and
again, no matter how many people walked
through them, the foam returned to spell
my name with mechanical persistence. I
stood frozen on the exit platform,
watching this impossible choreography
while the crowd flowed around me like
water around a stone. The foam letters
pointed toward a maintenance door I
hadn't noticed before. small and
unmarked, set into the artificial rock
face as if it had grown there naturally.
The kind of door that's meant to be
invisible, designed to maintain the
illusion that this manufactured
wilderness needed no human intervention.
I followed the foam arrow across the
walkway, each step feeling
predetermined, as if I was walking along
rails laid down long before I'd arrived.
The maintenance door stood slightly a
jar, revealing nothing but darkness
beyond. A small placard hung from the
handle, the kind used for out of order
notices or safety warnings. But this one
contained only two words written in
block letters with black marker. Now,
yes. The handwriting was my own. I
stared at the note, my mind struggling
to process this impossibility.
The letters were unmistakably mine. The
slightly slanted N. The way I made my Y
with an exaggerated curve. The peculiar
way I crossed my S. I I'd written these
words, but I had no memory of doing so.
No memory of approaching this door, of
finding a marker, of deciding what
message to leave. The foam letters
behind me pulsed gently in my peripheral
vision, reforming themselves each time
the breeze threatened to scatter them.
The maintenance door swayed slightly on
its hinges. Darkness beyond revealing
nothing and everything.
I reached for the door handle, my
fingers trembling with something between
anticipation and dread. The metal was
warm to the touch, as if someone had
been gripping it moments before.
As I pulled the door wider, the smell
hit me. Not the expected mustustininess
of a utility closet, but something
organic and familiar.
the scent of my own apartment down to
the specific combination of coffee
grounds and morning sunlight that
characterized my kitchen.
Beyond the threshold lay not a
maintenance room but a corridor that
stretched further than should have been
possible within the ride's structure.
The walls were painted institutional
beige, lit by fluorescent fixtures that
hummed with electrical tension. Doors
lined both sides at regular intervals,
each one bearing a small name plate. My
name appeared on every single one.
Different versions, different
handwriting styles, but unmistakably
mine. Some were typed on official
looking labels, others handwritten in
various pens and pencils. One appeared
to be carved directly into the wood.
They stretched down the impossible
hallway like breadcrumbs leading deeper
into a maze I'd never agreed to enter. I
stepped across the threshold and the
door swung shut behind me with a soft
click that sounded final. The
fluorescent lights buzzed overhead,
their frequency creating a subtle strobe
effect that made everything appear to
flicker between real and unreal.
The carpet beneath my feet was
industrial grade, the kind used in
office buildings and government
facilities, worn thin by countless
footsteps. The first door on my left was
unlocked. Inside, I found what appeared
to be a perfect recreation of my
bedroom, down to the unmade sheets and
the specific way I'd left my clothes
draped over the chair. But everything
felt slightly wrong, as if the room had
been built by someone working from
photographs rather than memory. The
proportions were correct, but somehow
uncomfortable, like wearing shoes that
were technically the right size, but
wrong for your particular feet. A
movement caught my eye. myself standing
in the room's mirror, but wearing
different clothes. The reflection waved
at me with casual familiarity before
walking out of frame, leaving the mirror
to show only empty space where a
reflection should be. I backed out of
the room and tried the next door. This
one contained my kitchen, complete with
yesterday's coffee mug still sitting in
the sink. But the mug was on the wrong
side, and the coffee stain on the
counter formed a pattern I'd never seen
before. A pattern that looked
suspiciously like a face when viewed
from the correct angle. Door after door
revealed pieces of my life. Each one
accurate in detail, but wrong in some
fundamental way. My living room with
furniture arranged in mirror image. My
bathroom with the toilet on the wrong
side. My home office with a desk that
held papers I'd never written, covered
in my handwriting, but discussing events
I'd never experienced.
At the end of the hallway, a final door
bore a name plate that simply read exit.
But when I opened it, I found myself
back at the theme park, standing in
front of the splash zone entrance. The
same line of people snaked toward the
ride. The same carousel music played its
discordant melody, and the same
40something man stood exactly where he'd
been before. He turned as I approached,
his face lighting up with recognition
that made my blood freeze. There you
are, he said, reaching out to touch my
shoulder with the same confident
familiarity as before. I've been looking
everywhere for you. The foam at the base
of the ride began to shift again,
letters forming with mechanical
precision, but this time, instead of my
name, the bubbles spelled out a
different message.
Welcome home. I looked around the theme
park with new eyes, noting details I'd
missed before. The way other visitors
moved in subtle patterns like actors
following a script. The way the ride
operator's smiles never quite reached
their eyes. The way the sun seemed to
hang in exactly the same position it had
been when I'd first arrived, casting
shadows that hadn't moved despite the
passage of time. The man behind me
continued to breathe heavily, each
exhalation warm against my neck. But now
I realized it wasn't random. He was
breathing in rhythm with my heartbeat,
perfectly synchronized, as if we shared
the same cardiovascular system. "Excuse
me," I said, turning to face him fully.
"Do we know each other?" His smile
widened, revealing teeth that were
exactly like mine. "Of course we do," he
replied, and his voice carried the
peculiar resonance of my own recorded
speech played back through different
speakers. "We've always known each
other."
The foam letters pulsed gently on the
ground, their message shifting again.
Now yes became yes now became now. Yes.
In an endless cycle, the maintenance
door stood open in my peripheral vision.
Darkness beyond promising answers I
wasn't sure I wanted to receive. I could
step back through that door, explore
more rooms that contained pieces of a
life I'd never lived. I could confront
the growing certainty that nothing here
was what it appeared to be, that the
boundaries between myself and everything
else had begun to dissolve in ways that
terrified and fascinated me in equal
measure. Or I could pretend that none of
this was happening. I could chalk it up
to stress, lack of sleep, the kind of
minor psychological episode that happens
to everyone eventually. I could get back
in line for the splash zone and let the
artificial waterfall wash away these
impossible memories. Returning to a
world where foam doesn't spell names and
strangers don't touch you with perfect
familiarity.
The man who looked increasingly like me
smiled and gestured toward the ride
entrance. "Shall we?" he asked. And I
realized that this question contained
every choice I'd ever made and every
choice I'd never had the courage to
make.
The carousel music continued its broken
melody, each note slightly wrong, but
perfectly designed to create exactly
this moment of decision. The foam
letters pulsed with patient persistence,
waiting for my answer to a question I
still didn't fully understand. I stood
at the intersection of real and unreal,
watching my reflection in a stranger's
eyes, while somewhere in the distance, a
door marked exit, led back to the
beginning of everything I thought I knew
about myself. The choice, whatever it
meant, was entirely mine. Or perhaps it
always had been.
Story nine.
The cottage felt smaller than I
remembered, its wooden beams pressing
down like the ribs of some ancient
creature that had swallowed me whole. 3
years away for graduate school, and now
I was back in my childhood bedroom with
its slanted ceiling and windows that
never quite closed properly. The
familiar musty scent of old pine and
mothballs should have been comforting,
but instead it clung to my throat like a
question I couldn't answer. My parents
had moved to Arizona 6 months ago,
leaving the cottage to me until I
figured out my next steps.
The isolation had seemed appealing when
I'd first driven up the winding gravel
road, past the dense stand of birch
trees that formed a natural barrier
between the property and the outside
world.
Now, as evening shadows crept across the
hardwood floors, that isolation felt
more like enttrapment.
I'd hung my diploma on the wall beside
my old desk, the same spot where my high
school certificates had once displayed
my modest academic achievements. The
next morning, I found it relocated to a
hook beside the kitchen window. A hook
I'd never noticed before, positioned at
an odd angle that caught the morning
light in an unsettling way. The frame
hung slightly crooked, casting a shadow
that seemed to shift when I wasn't
looking directly at it. Moving it back
felt like a small victory, but the
unease lingered. I told myself my
parents must have repositioned it during
one of their cleaning sessions before
leaving. Yet something about the careful
placement suggested intention rather
than casual housekeeping.
The lunch incident came 2 days later.
I'd prepared a sandwich, turkey and
Swiss on rye, cut diagonally the way my
mother had always done, and left it on
the counter while I stepped outside to
check the mail. When I returned, half
the sandwich was gone, not eaten
messily, but cut with surgical
precision. The remaining portion
arranged exactly as I'd left it, as if
someone had simply erased part of it
from existence. I stood in the kitchen
doorway, studying the partial sandwich
with the methodical attention of a
detective examining evidence. No crumbs
on the counter, no dirty knife in the
sink. No sign that anyone had been there
at all, except for that perfect absence
where half my lunch should have been.
The cottage's silence pressed against my
eardrums. I'd grown accustomed to city
noise. traffic, neighbors, the constant
hum of urban life that drowns out the
smaller sounds we're not meant to hear.
Here, every creek of settling wood,
every whisper of wind through the eaves,
demanded attention. I found myself
holding my breath, listening for sounds
that shouldn't be there, footsteps that
might not be mine. Sleep came fitfully
that night. I woke several times to
undefined noises. Perhaps the old
furnace cycling on or mice in the walls
or something else entirely. Each time
I'd lie perfectly still, straining to
identify the source until exhaustion
pulled me back under. In my dreams,
someone walked through the cottage with
careful measured steps, opening cabinets
and moving objects with purposeful
deliberation.
The next morning brought another
displacement. My coffee mug, the blue
ceramic one with a chip on the handle
that I'd claimed as mine since
childhood, sat unwashed in the sink. I
hadn't used it the night before. I'd
drunk tea from a different cup, which
still sat clean and dry in the dish
rack. Yet here was my mug, bearing the
residue of coffee I hadn't made, as if
my other self had risen in the night to
perform a morning routine I'd forgotten.
I began making lists, documenting each
incident with the desperate precision of
someone trying to prove their own
sanity. Diploma moved to Kitchen Hook.
Tuesday morning, half sandwich
disappeared. Thursday afternoon, coffee
mug used overnight. Friday morning, the
act of writing helped temporarily,
creating the illusion of control over
circumstances that felt increasingly
beyond my influence.
The cottage's routines began to feel
like shared custody. I'd find the living
room rearranged subtly, cushions fluffed
and repositioned, magazines stacked in
different order, the reading lamp angled
toward a chair I never used. Nothing
dramatic enough to seem like intrusion,
yet too deliberate to dismiss as memory
failure. I started photographing rooms
before leaving them, obsessively
documenting furniture placement and
object positions.
The photos revealed discrepancies. My
conscious mind struggled to process. A
book opened to a different page. Reading
glasses positioned beside it when I
didn't wear glasses. A pen lying across
a notepad as if someone had been writing
in my absence. The sensation of being
watched intensified during these
discoveries.
Not the paranoid feeling of unseen eyes,
but something more intimate and
disturbing. the awareness that someone
knew my habits well enough to anticipate
them. To move through my space with
familiarity that bordered on ownership.
Two weeks into my stay, I decided to
trim the forthia bush that had grown
wild along the cottage's east side. The
morning was crisp and clear with dew
still heavy on the grass. I'd found the
old garden shears in the tool shed,
their blades still sharp despite years
of neglect. The rhythmic snip of cutting
brought a meditative quality to the
work. The first genuine peace I'd felt
since returning. As I worked, water
droplets caught the early sunlight,
creating tiny prisms in the air. The dew
on the forcyia's leaves formed perfect
spheres, each one reflecting the world
in miniature. I paused to admire the
effect, marveling at how these
microscopic mirrors captured fragments
of morning light. That's when I noticed
something impossible.
In the curved surface of a particularly
large dew drop, I could see the
cottage's interior with startling
clarity. Not the distorted fisheye
reflection I should have expected, but a
clear, detailed view, as if I were
looking through a window. The image
showed the living room from an angle I
recognized, the view from the kitchen
doorway, and everything appeared normal
except for one detail that made my hands
tremble around the shears. Someone was
standing in the room. I blinked hard and
looked again. The reflection persisted
with impossible clarity. A figure stood
beside the couch, partially obscured by
shadow, but unmistakably human in form
and posture. The person appeared to be
holding something, garden shears
identical to the ones in my hands. I
dropped my tools and rushed inside, my
heart hammering against my ribs. The
living room was empty, exactly as I'd
left it. No disturbed furniture, no
lingering presents, nothing to suggest
anyone had been there. I checked every
room, every closet, every possible
hiding place. The cottage yielded no
evidence of intrusion.
Outside, the Forsia waited with its dew
drop mirrors still intact. I approached
cautiously, afraid of what I might see,
but unable to resist looking. The
reflections had changed. Now they showed
only the expected fisheye distortions of
morning sky and surrounding trees.
Normal, mundane, nothing that should
have shaken my understanding of reality.
But I'd seen what I'd seen. That
afternoon, I called my parents in
Arizona, fishing for information about
the cottage's history without admitting
to my growing unease. Had they ever
experienced anything unusual, any
problems with neighbors or intruders? My
mother's voice carried concern I tried
to dismiss. You sound tired, sweetheart.
Are you sleeping okay up there? You know
that place has always been too isolated
for comfort. I assured her everything
was fine. But her questions lingered
after we hung up. She was right about
the isolation. Miles from the nearest
neighbor, surrounded by forest that
seemed to absorb sound and swallow
light. The kind of place where a person
could disappear without anyone noticing
for weeks. The dew drop incident marked
a turning point. My careful
documentation became obsessive
surveillance. I set up my laptop to
record the living room while I worked
outside, hoping to capture evidence of
whoever was sharing my space. The hours
of footage revealed nothing but empty
rooms and ordinary shadows. Yet, the
displacements continued with increasing
frequency. Objects migrated between
rooms. A book from the bedside table
appearing in the kitchen. Reading
glasses manifesting beside chairs I'd
never used. magazines open to articles I
hadn't read but somehow found familiar.
The cottage felt like a stage where two
actors performed the same role in
alternating shifts, never meeting, but
somehow aware of each other's presence.
The morning routine became a ritual of
discovery. I'd wake to find evidence of
a parallel life unfolding in the same
space. A coffee cup bearing fingerprints
that seem too large to be mine. Toast
crumbs arranged in patterns too neat to
be accidental. Newspapers folded to
articles that interested me despite
having no memory of reading them. I
began leaving deliberate tests, small
experiments designed to confirm or deny
my suspicions. A pen placed precisely in
the center of the desk would be found at
the left edge, positioned exactly where
I habitually placed my writing
instruments. A book closed and carefully
aligned with the table edge would be
discovered open to a passage I'd been
meaning to reread, but hadn't yet
reached. The responses felt like
communication, not random displacement,
but purposeful interaction.
Someone who knew my habits, my
preferences, my routines well enough to
anticipate them. The familiarity was
more unsettling than outright intrusion
would have been. 3 weeks into this
strange cohabitation, I decided to
maintain a constant vigil. If someone
was sharing my space, I would catch
them.
I positioned myself in the living room
with a clear view of the entire
cottage's main floor, laptop open,
recording everything while I pretended
to read. The afternoon stretched
endlessly. Nothing moved except dust
moes dancing in slanted sunbeams. No
footsteps, no displaced objects, no
evidence of another presence. Yet, the
sensation of being watched intensified
until my skin crawled with phantom
touches. I found myself glancing over my
shoulder repeatedly, expecting to find
someone standing behind me, but the
cottage remained stubbornly empty. As
evening approached, I needed to use the
bathroom, a 5-minute absence at most. I
left the laptop recording and hurried
upstairs, moving as quietly as possible.
When I returned, my coffee mug sat
steaming on the side table. Fresh coffee
in a mug I hadn't used since morning,
positioned exactly where I would have
placed it myself. The laptop showed an
empty room throughout my absence. No one
entering. No mysterious appearance of
coffee. Yet the mug was real. The coffee
hot and prepared exactly to my taste.
Two sugars, splash of cream, the way I'd
made it every morning since childhood. I
stared at the impossible coffee, its
surface rippling slightly, as if someone
had just stirred it. The cottage's
silence felt expectant now, as if it
were waiting for my reaction to this
latest impossibility.
I lifted the mug with trembling hands
and tasted coffee that was perfect,
exactly how I made it, with the same
slight bitterness I preferred in the
evening. That night, I didn't try to
sleep. I sat in the living room, laptop
recording, watching for any sign of
movement. The cottage breathed around me
with its old wooden size and settling
groans, but nothing human stirred. Yet,
I felt accompanied, as if someone sat
just outside my peripheral vision,
matching my vigilance with their own.
Morning brought a new revelation.
Reviewing the night's footage revealed
something that should have been
impossible.
At approximately 3:17 a.m., the image
showed me rising from my chair and
walking into the kitchen. But I
remembered no such movement.
I'd remained seated throughout the
night, fighting sleep and monitoring the
cottage's stillness. Yet, there I was on
the recording, moving with familiar
purpose through my own home. The figure
was clearly me. Same height, same build,
same unconscious mannerisms, but
performing actions I had no memory of
taking. I watched myself prepare coffee
in the kitchen, moving with practiced
efficiency through a routine I knew by
heart. The recording ended with my
apparent return to the living room where
I seemed to notice something off camera
that caused me to freeze momentarily
before continuing out of frame. Moments
later, the me I remembered being sat
down in the same chair I'd never left,
completely unaware that anything had
occurred. I rewound and watched again,
studying every detail of my apparent
nocturnal activities. The movements were
mine, but the timing was impossible. I
had perfect recall of the entire night,
sitting vigilant in that chair, watching
shadows and listening to the cottage's
quiet breathing. I could not have been
in two places simultaneously.
Yet the evidence was undeniable. The
cottage felt different after that
discovery, as if it had finally revealed
its true nature. I was not alone here,
but neither was I accompanied by anyone
external. The presence I'd sensed, the
careful rearrangements, the familiar
disruptions, they all belonged to me.
Some version of me that existed in the
spaces between my conscious moments,
living a parallel life in the same
physical space.
I started paying attention to gaps in my
awareness, moments when my mind drifted
or attention wandered. Did I lose time
during these lapses? Was there another
version of myself performing actions I
couldn't remember? going through
routines that felt familiar because they
were mine. The dew drop revelations took
on new significance. That morning, when
I'd seen someone in the cottage's
interior holding garden shears while I
held identical tools outside, had I been
looking at myself from some impossible
angle? Was the cottage showing me
something my conscious mind couldn't
process? A reflection of actions I was
taking but not remembering? I began
testing the boundaries of my own
awareness, deliberately letting my mind
wander while performing routine tasks.
Sometimes I'd find myself in different
rooms with no clear memory of moving,
holding objects I didn't remember
picking up, standing in positions that
suggested purposeful activity I couldn't
recall beginning.
The cottage became a laboratory for
studying my own fractured consciousness.
I'd start washing dishes in the kitchen
and find myself moments later standing
in the garden with dirt on my hands as
if I'd been weeding flower beds that
didn't exist.
I'd sit down to read and surface from
apparent deep concentration to discover
I'd been writing in a notebook detailed
observations about the cottage's daily
rhythms written in my handwriting but
containing insights I didn't remember
forming. The parallel routines began
blending together. I'd find myself
reaching for coffee that was already
prepared, sitting in chairs that had
been arranged for my comfort,
discovering books open to passages I was
ready to read. The cottage anticipated
my needs with an efficiency that would
have been helpful if it weren't so
deeply unsettling. My parents called
again, their concern evident despite my
attempts to sound normal. I found myself
describing activities I couldn't clearly
remember. successful days of reading and
garden work, productive mornings of
organizing and cleaning. The words felt
true as I spoke them, yet I retained no
clear memory of these accomplishments.
You sound much better, my mother
observed. More like yourself. But which
self was she hearing? The one who
remembered our conversation or the one
who had been living productively in my
absence from awareness? How many
versions of myself were operating in
this cottage, sharing time and space in
ways my conscious mind couldn't track?
The question consumed my remaining days
there. I'd wake each morning to find
evidence of a productive evening I
couldn't remember, notes written in my
handwriting, rooms cleaned and
organized, meals partially prepared. My
unconscious self seemed more efficient
and purposeful than the anxious person
who worried about lost time and
impossible occurrences. Perhaps the
cottage wasn't haunted by external
forces, but by the parts of myself I'd
forgotten how to access. The careful
rearrangements, the anticipated needs,
the familiar routines. They belonged to
aspects of my personality that operated
below conscious awareness, managing
daily life, while my worried mind
focused on mysteries that were no
mysteries at all. Yet questions
remained. If I was sleepwalking or
experiencing some form of dissociation,
why did my actions feel purposeful
rather than automatic? Why did the
cottages responses seem interactive
rather than repetitive? And most
troubling of all, when I looked in
mirrors now, why did my reflection
sometimes seem to be looking back with
recognition of things I couldn't
remember doing?
The cottage kept its secrets, offering
only dew drop glimpses of truths too
complex for conscious understanding.
I left after a month, returning to the
city with more questions than answers
and a deep unease about the nature of
personal identity. But sometimes in
quiet moments when my mind wandered, I
could feel that other self still moving
through those rooms, still tending to
routines I'd established but couldn't
remember. Still living the life I'd
thought I was living but somehow never
quite experienced.
The cottage waits for my return. Patient
and knowing, ready to blur the
boundaries between observer and
observed, between the self that
remembers and the self that acts,
between the person I think I am and the
person I might actually be when no one,
not even myself, is watching.
Story 10.
The rain fell like bullets on the
asphalt, each drop exploding into a
thousand smaller fragments that seemed
to dance in the humid Florida air.
Animal Kingdom had transformed from a
magical wonderland into something
altogether more sinister. The storm
clouds above churning like smoke from
some unseen fire, casting everything in
a gray green palar that made the
artificial rocks and carefully
landscaped wilderness feel suddenly,
urgently real. I should have known
something was wrong the moment my
brother stepped away from our group near
the tree of life. The downpour had
started without warning, sending
tourists scrambling for cover under
awnings and into gift shops, their
bright vacation clothes turning dark
with moisture. Our family had huddled
beneath the overhang of a closed snack
stand, watching the deluge turn the
walkways into rushing streams when I
noticed the empty space where he'd been
standing just moments before. The
absence felt immediate and profound,
like a missing tooth your tongue can't
stop finding.
I called his name into the storm, but
the rain swallowed my voice completely.
The sound of water hitting leaves,
concrete, and metal created a white
noise so dense it seemed to muffle not
just sound, but thought itself. My
parents were arguing about whether to
wait or seek better shelter. Their
voices becoming increasingly shrill as
they competed with the storm's roar.
That's when I decided to look for him.
The moment I stepped out from under our
makeshift shelter, the rain hit me with
surprising force. It wasn't the gentle
summer showers I remembered from
childhood. This was aggressive, almost
purposeful in its assault. Within
seconds, my shirt was plastered to my
skin, and water ran in streams down my
face, making it difficult to see more
than a few feet ahead. The usual crowds
had vanished, leaving behind an eerily
empty park that felt like walking
through the ruins of civilization.
I found him 2 minutes later, though
those two minutes stretched like hours
in my memory. He was standing perfectly
still near the entrance to the Flights
of Wonder Amphitheater, holding hands
with a man I'd never seen before. The
stranger was tall and thin, wearing what
appeared to be a khaki uniform that
remained completely dry despite the
torrential rain. But it was his face
that made my step falter, smooth and
pale as an egg, entirely without
eyebrows, giving him an expression of
perpetual surprise or perhaps ancient
wisdom. As I approached, I could hear
the man speaking in low, measured tones
about the hunting patterns of raptors,
explaining how birds of prey used
weather systems to their advantage. He
gestured with his free hand toward the
empty amphitheater, describing aerial
maneuvers with the casual authority of
someone who had witnessed them countless
times.
My brother listened with wrapped
attention, nodding occasionally,
completely absorbed in the impromptu
lesson. The scene should have been
innocent. A park employee entertaining a
curious visitor during an unexpected
weather delay. But something in the
tableau felt fundamentally wrong, like a
photograph that had been subtly altered
in ways your conscious mind couldn't
quite identify.
The rain continued to fall around them
in heavy sheets. Yet neither figure
seemed affected by it.
Steam rose from the hot pavement
everywhere except in the small circle
where they stood. When I called my
brother's name, both figures turned
toward me in perfect synchronization.
Their movements unnaturally fluid. My
brother's eyes held an expression I'd
never seen before. Not quite vacant, but
somehow distant, as if he were seeing me
from a great height. The stranger
smiled, revealing teeth that were too
white and too uniform, like polished
stones arranged in precise rows. The man
introduced himself as an instructor of
raptor behavior, explaining that he'd
been discussing the magnificent hunting
strategies of eagles and hawks with my
brother, who had shown such remarkable
insight into predatory patterns. His
voice carried an odd cadence, each word
enunciated with careful precision, as if
English were a second language he'd
learned through academic study rather
than natural acquisition. He spoke of
thermal currents and killing efficiency
with the same tone others might use to
discuss the weather. I reached for my
brother's hand, intending to pull him
back toward our family's shelter. The
moment my fingers brushed against the
instructor's wrist, ice shot through my
entire nervous system. His skin was cold
as marble, not just cool or clammy, but
cold in a way that seemed to leech heat
from everything around it. More
disturbing still, his hand was
completely dry. Not a single drop of
rain clung to his skin or clothing, as
if the water simply refused to touch
him. The contact lasted only a second
before he released my brother's hand.
But that second stretched into an
eternity of wrongness.
I found myself staring at his fingers,
watching raindrops strike them and
simply disappear, not rolling off or
being absorbed, but vanishing the
instant they made contact, as if his
body existed in some pocket of space
where different physical laws applied.
He explained that my brother possessed
an unusual understanding of predatory
instincts, that such awareness was rare
and should be nurtured carefully. The
words seemed to come from somewhere
behind his face rather than from his
mouth directly. He suggested that my
brother might benefit from more
specialized instruction, perhaps during
the early morning hours when the hunting
birds were most active and the park was
closed to general visitors. I managed to
mumble something about needing to return
to our family, wrapping my arm around my
brother's shoulders and guiding him away
from the amphitheater.
As we walked back through the storm, I
kept glancing over my shoulder,
expecting to see the instructor
following us. But each time I looked,
the area appeared empty, as if no one
had ever been there at all. The rain had
resumed its normal behavior, soaking
everything uniformly, creating puddles
in the low spots, running off surfaces
in predictable streams.
My brother remained oddly silent during
our return journey, his usual chatter
replaced by a contemplative quiet that
felt more mature than his years should
have allowed. When I asked him about his
conversation with the instructor, he
described learning about the patience
required for successful hunting, about
the importance of stillness and
observation, about reading the subtle
signs that indicated when prey was
vulnerable. His words carried an
intensity that made my skin crawl. Not
because the information was inherently
disturbing, but because of the reverent
way he delivered it. By the time we
reached our family's shelter, the storm
had begun to subside. My parents barely
looked up from their phones where they'd
been tracking the weather systems
movement across the state. They asked
where we'd been, and I found myself
struggling to explain the encounter in a
way that wouldn't sound completely
insane. I mentioned meeting a park
employee who'd been discussing wildlife
with my brother, carefully omitting the
details that had left me feeling
fundamentally unsettled. The rest of our
day proceeded normally enough. We rode
attractions, ate overpriced theme park
food, and took the usual vacation
photos, but I couldn't shake the memory
of that cold, dry hand, or the way rain
had seemed to avoid the instructor
entirely. Every employee we encountered
afterward appeared completely ordinary,
sweaty, slightly frazzled by the storm,
their uniforms bearing the expected
stains and wrinkles of people working in
challenging conditions. That evening,
back in our hotel room, I found myself
searching online for information about
Animal Kingdom's raptor programs. I
discovered that the Flights of Wonder
show had been discontinued years
earlier, replaced by different
entertainment offerings. The
amphitheater we visited was no longer
used for bird demonstrations, though it
remained standing as part of the park's
overall landscape design. I also
searched for staff members who might
match the instructor's description,
scrolling through employee photos and
biographies on the park's educational
program websites. None of the current or
former staff resembled the man we'd
encountered. More troubling still, none
of the legitimate wildlife educators had
expertise specifically in raptor
behavior. That specialization belonged
to a different facility entirely, one
located hundreds of miles away. The
photographs from our day told their own
strange story. In every image that
should have captured the area near the
amphitheater, the background appeared
normal, but somehow empty, as if the
space itself had been carefully edited
to remove any trace of human presence.
My brother appeared in several shots,
but always alone, never with the
instructor, who had supposedly spent so
much time explaining hunting strategies
and predatory behavior. Over the
following weeks, my brother began
displaying behaviors that concerned me
increasingly. He would sit motionless
for long periods, watching birds through
our backyard window with an intensity
that seemed almost predatory itself. His
usual interests, video games, sports,
social activities with friends,
gradually gave way to an obsession with
ornithology texts he'd somehow acquired
from the local library. He could recite
hunting patterns and territorial
behaviors with academic precision,
though he claimed no memory of studying
such information. Most unsettling of
all, he began talking about the
instructor's lessons as if they were
ongoing. He would reference
conversations that had supposedly taken
place during our sleep, describing
detailed instruction sessions about
reading air currents and identifying
vulnerable prey from great distances.
When pressed for specifics about when
and where these lessons occurred, his
answers became vague and contradictory,
as if he were trying to remember dreams
rather than actual events. I started
experiencing my own sleep disturbances.
Not quite nightmares, but dreams filled
with the sensation of being watched by
unseen observers perched high above. I
would wake with the conviction that
something had been standing at the foot
of my bed, studying my breathing
patterns and noting the precise moments
when I was most vulnerable.
The feeling was so strong that I began
checking the locks on our windows each
night. Though I could never articulate
exactly what I was trying to keep out,
the dreams always featured the same
elements. Vast empty spaces viewed from
impossible heights. The feeling of
perfect stillness broken by sudden
decisive movement and the absolute
certainty that I was being evaluated by
something that understood hunting in
ways humans never could. I would wake
with my heart racing and my mouth dry,
tasting something metallic that reminded
me of fear itself.
3 months after our animal kingdom visit,
I decided to call the park directly and
ask about their current wildlife
education programs. The customer service
representative was helpful and thorough,
providing detailed information about all
their animal related offerings.
When I specifically asked about raptor
behavior instruction, she seemed
confused by the question. She explained
that they'd never had a program
specifically focused on birds of prey
and that all their educational
initiatives were conducted by certified
staff members whose credentials were
readily available for public review.
More disturbing still, when I described
the instructor and asked if anyone
matching his description had ever worked
at the park. The representative's tone
shifted noticeably. After a long pause,
she asked me to hold while she consulted
with her supervisor.
When she returned, her voice carried a
carefully professional quality that
suggested she'd been coached on how to
handle this particular type of inquiry.
She explained that the park occasionally
received reports of unauthorized
individuals interacting with guests and
that all such incidents were taken
seriously and thoroughly investigated.
She recommended that I file a formal
report with park security, providing as
many details as possible about the date,
time, and location of the encounter. The
conversation ended with her assuring me
that appropriate measures would be taken
to prevent similar incidents in the
future. But I never filed that report
because somewhere deep in my mind, I'd
begun to suspect that the instructor
hadn't been unauthorized at all.
Instead, I feared he represented
something far more organized and
purposeful. A presence that operated
according to rules I couldn't begin to
understand. Recruiting students for
lessons that had nothing to do with
animal behavior and everything to do
with transforming observers into
something else entirely. The last piece
of evidence came 6 months later when I
discovered that my brother had been
accepted into a specialized zoology
program at a university I'd never heard
him apply to.
The acceptance letter arrived without
any record of his having submitted an
application. And when I called the
admissions office to inquire about their
selection process, they seemed genuinely
confused by my questions. They insisted
he'd been personally recommended by a
faculty member whose name didn't appear
in any of their current directories. The
program focused exclusively on predatory
behavior studies with particular
emphasis on aerial hunting strategies
and territorial dominance patterns.
Classes were scheduled primarily during
pre-dawn hours when most students would
be sleeping and the campus would be
largely empty. The letter mentioned that
students would be working directly with
specialized equipment and receiving
individual mentorship from experts whose
research had been conducted in
environments most people would find
inaccessible.
As I write this, my brother has been
enrolled in that program for 3 weeks.
His phone calls home have become
increasingly infrequent. And when he
does contact us, his voice carries that
same measured cadence I remember from
the instructor at Animal Kingdom. He
speaks about his studies with intense
enthusiasm, describing observation
techniques and hunting methodologies
that sound more like military training
than academic research. Yesterday, I
received a postcard from him, an aerial
photograph of the university campus
taken from an impossible height, showing
details that could only be captured by
someone hovering directly above the
buildings.
on the back. He'd written a single
sentence. The view from up here helps
you understand everything differently.
I've been staring at that postcard for
hours, trying to understand what kind of
equipment could have captured such an
image, or what kind of student would
have access to it. But the longer I
look, the more convinced I become that
no equipment was involved at all. That
the photograph was taken by someone who
had learned to see the world from a
predator's perspective. Someone who had
finally mastered the lessons that began
during a rainstorm at a theme park where
birds of prey were no longer supposed to
be studied. Tonight, I'm going to lock
all the windows in my house and try not
to think about the instructor's cold,
dry hand or the way rain refused to
touch him. I'm going to try not to
wonder whether my brother is still my
brother or whether he's become something
else entirely. Something that
understands hunting in ways that would
terrify anyone who still thinks of
themselves as prey. But mostly, I'm
going to try not to look up at the sky
because I have the growing suspicion
that if I do, I'll see looking back.
Patient, intelligent eyes that recognize
me as a student who failed to attend his
lessons and who might still be convinced
to enroll.
Story 11.
The first golden slip appeared on a
Tuesday morning. Crisp against the dew
soaked hood of my Honda Civic. Paper
thin as butterfly wings. It caught the
early sunlight and seemed to glow from
within. Written in elegant script were
just four numbers. 27.
Three. I stood there in my driveway,
coffee growing cold in my hand, staring
at those digits. The paper felt
expensive between my fingers, not the
cheap stuff you'd find at any office
supply store. This was the kind of
stationery that whispered money, the
kind you'd use for wedding invitations
or formal announcements. But what kind
of announcement was this? 27.3 m. Oddly
specific. The rational part of my mind,
the part that had gotten me through
college and into my mundane job as a
cashier at Neptune's Kingdom Water Park,
suggested it was probably some kid's
prank. Maybe someone had dropped it
walking by. Maybe the wind had carried
it from a nearby house. These things
happened in suburban neighborhoods where
excitement peaked at the annual block
party. But as I drove to work that
morning, taking my usual route through
downtown and onto the interstate,
something nagged at me.
When I pulled into the employee parking
lot at Neptune's Kingdom, I glanced at
my odometer out of habit. The trip had
been exactly 27
3 miles. The sensation that crawled up
my spine wasn't quite fear. Not yet. It
was more like the feeling you get when
you hear your name called in a crowded
room. That moment of heightened
awareness before you realize it was
meant for someone else. I told myself it
was coincidence. People drove roughly
the same distances to work every day.
Someone could have made an educated
guess.
Still, I found myself glancing over my
shoulder more than usual as I walked
across the parking lot. The morning air
carried the chlorine heavy scent of the
pools and the distant screams of early
visitors on the water slides. Everything
appeared normal. Families with oversized
beach bags. Teenagers cluster in loud
groups. the maintenance crew hosing down
the walkways. Yet something felt off,
like a photograph where all the elements
are correct, but the lighting is wrong.
The day proceeded, as most did at
Neptune's Kingdom. I scanned tickets,
counted change, and dealt with the
occasional complaint about pricing or
policies. It was during the afternoon
rush that the incident occurred, the one
that would make the golden notes
something more than a curious mystery. A
man approached my booth around 3:00,
middle-aged with graying temples and an
expensive watch that caught the light as
he handed me a season pass. The
laminated card looked legitimate enough
at first glance, but years of handling
these passes had given me an eye for
details. The holographic seal was
slightly off center, and the photo
seemed to be adhered with ordinary glue
rather than the heat-sealed process the
park used. I held the pass up to the
light, noting the subtle imperfections
that marked it as a forgery. When I
looked back at the man, his expression
had changed. The casual smile had
vanished, replaced by something harder,
more focused. I informed him that I
couldn't accept the pass, explaining the
policy for counterfeit tickets as
diplomatically as possible. He listened
without speaking, his pale eyes never
leaving my face. When I finished, he
leaned closer to the booth window. His
voice was quiet, almost conversational,
but the words themselves made my stomach
clench. He told me he'd remember me,
that we'd meet again somewhere more
private, somewhere without security
cameras and crowds of witnesses, a dark
street perhaps, somewhere we could have
a proper conversation about respect and
minding one's own business.
Then he walked away, disappearing into
the crowd as easily as he'd emerged from
it. I should have reported the threat to
security, but something held me back.
Maybe it was the casual way he'd
delivered it, as if he were commenting
on the weather. Maybe it was the
absolute certainty in his voice that
suggested this wasn't an empty threat,
but a simple statement of fact. Or maybe
it was the way other people in line had
somehow managed not to hear our
exchange, despite standing only feet
away. The rest of my shift passed in a
blur of routine transactions, but I
found myself scanning the crowds,
looking for that familiar silhouette.
Every middle-aged man with gray temples
made my pulse quicken. Every glimpse of
reflected light off a watch face had me
turning my head.
That evening, I drove home through the
familiar streets, trying to shake off
the lingering unease. The radio played
classic rock. The air conditioning
hummed and traffic moved at its usual
pace. Everything was perfectly normal
until I turned into my driveway and saw
the second golden note. This one read 31
8. My hands shook as I picked it up. The
paper was identical to the first. That
same expensive texture, the same elegant
handwriting. But this number was
impossible. I hadn't driven anywhere
yet. I hadn't even planned my route for
the next day. How could anyone know how
far I would travel? I stood in my
driveway as shadows lengthened around
me, trying to rationalize what couldn't
be rationalized. Maybe someone was
tracking my car. Maybe there was a GPS
device hidden somewhere, and they were
calculating my future routes based on
past patterns. But even that explanation
felt thin. My driving habits weren't
that predictable. Some days I took the
interstate. Other days, I preferred the
scenic route through the residential
areas. Sometimes I stopped for gas or
groceries, adding unpredictable mileage
to my day. That night, I searched every
inch of my car with a flashlight,
looking for tracking devices or any sign
of tampering. I found nothing. The Honda
sat in my garage, as mundane and
familiar as ever, offering no clues
about the golden mystery accumulating on
its hood. Sleep came fitfully,
interrupted by dreams of being followed
down endless highways while unseen eyes
tracked my every movement. I woke
several times, convinced I'd heard
footsteps in my driveway or the soft
rustle of paper being placed on metal.
But each time I looked out the window, I
saw only the familiar suburban landscape
bathed in street light. Morning brought
the third note. 19. Two. I held it up to
the window, studying the paper in the
harsh daylight. The texture was
definitely expensive, maybe handmade.
The ink had a slight shimmer to it, as
if it contained metallic particles, but
it was the precision of the numbers that
truly unsettled me. Not rounded figures
like 19 or 20, but exact measurements
down to the tenth of a mile. I decided
to test the prediction. Instead of
driving directly to work, I planned a
deliberately route. I would stop at the
bank, then the grocery store, then take
the long way through the industrial
district. Anything to throw off whatever
system was predicting my movements.
The bank visit went smoothly. A quick
stop to make a deposit. But as I was
leaving, I noticed a gray sedan parked
across the street. Nothing unusual about
it, except that I was almost certain I'd
seen the same car in my rear view mirror
on the drive over. When I pulled out of
the parking lot, it remained stationary.
Coincidence? Probably. At the grocery
store, I bought items I didn't need,
taking my time in each aisle. Milk I
wouldn't drink, bread I didn't want,
anything to extend the trip and add
unpredictable distance. But as I loaded
my bags into the car, I caught a glimpse
of gray metal at the edge of my
peripheral vision. The sedan was parked
four spaces away. The drive through the
industrial district should have been
peaceful. Wide streets, minimal traffic.
plenty of space to think. Instead, I
found myself checking my mirrors
obsessively. The gray sedan stayed three
cars back. Never closer, never farther.
When I turned, it turned. When I stopped
at lights, it stopped. But whenever I
tried to get a clear look at the driver,
the sun would hit the windshield just
right, or a passing truck would block my
view. By the time I reached Neptune's
Kingdom, my hands were cramped from
gripping the steering wheel.
I sat in the parking lot for several
minutes, watching the entrance in my
rear view mirror. The gray sedan never
appeared. My odometer read 19 2 miles.
The impossibility of it hit me like cold
water. I had deliberately taken an
unpredictable route, making random stops
and unnecessary detours. There was no
way anyone could have known exactly how
far I would drive. Yet somehow, someone
had calculated it perfectly and left the
number on my car 12 hours before I'd
traveled the distance. The day at work
passed in a haze of mounting paranoia.
Every customer seemed to study my face
too intently. Every casual question
about my schedule or my car felt loaded
with hidden meaning. When my supervisor
asked if I was feeling well, I realized
I'd been unconsciously scanning the
crowd for gay-haired men with expensive
watches. During my lunch break, I called
my insurance company to report a
possible theft attempt. The
representative was helpful, but couldn't
find any claims or reports related to my
vehicle. I called the police
non-emergency line to report suspicious
activity, but found myself unable to
explain the situation in a way that
didn't sound delusional.
How do you tell someone that mysterious
notes are accurately predicting your
future mileage?
The afternoon dragged on with tropical
heat and the constant sound of splashing
water. Families enjoyed their day at the
park while I sat in my airconditioned
booth, jumping at every unexpected
sound.
When closing time finally arrived, I
lingered in the employee lounge longer
than necessary, reluctant to face
whatever might be waiting on my car. The
parking lot was nearly empty when I
finally ventured out. Sodium lights cast
harsh pools of yellow illumination
across the asphalt, creating deep
shadows between the scattered vehicles.
My Honda sat alone at the far end,
exactly where I'd left it. But even from
a distance, I could see the golden glint
on the hood. Note number four read 0 0
miles.
Tomorrow, according to the prediction, I
wouldn't drive anywhere at all. The
implications of that number followed me
home like a physical presence. If the
pattern held true, if the notes
continued to be accurate, then something
would prevent me from driving tomorrow.
An illness perhaps, car trouble, or
something worse.
I parked in my garage and lowered the
door, listening to the mechanical grind
of the opener as it sealed me inside.
The familiar space felt different now,
less like shelter and more like a trap.
Tools hung on pegboards. Oil stains
marked the concrete floor, and
everything appeared exactly as I'd left
it. But the normaly felt staged, as if
someone had carefully arranged the scene
to look undisturbed.
That night, I researched everything I
could find about surveillance techniques
and tracking devices. The internet
offered dozens of explanations for how
someone might monitor another person's
movements, but none that could account
for predicting future behavior with such
precision. GPS tracking required the
target to have already traveled the
route. Behavioral analysis could suggest
patterns, but not exact mileage. Even
the most sophisticated surveillance
couldn't predict random decisions made
hours in advance. Unless, of course, the
decisions weren't random at all. Unless
I was being manipulated rather than
merely observed. The thought lodged in
my mind like a splinter. What if my
routes weren't as unpredictable as I
believed? What if subtle influences were
guiding my choices, pushing me toward
predetermined destinations?
A road closure that forced me onto a
specific highway? A traffic jam that
made one route more attractive than
another? Construction signs that weren't
quite where they belonged? I spent hours
pouring over maps of my city, trying to
identify choke points where traffic
could be easily controlled. It was
possible. Theoretically, with enough
resources and planning, someone could
manipulate traffic patterns to force
specific routing choices. But the level
of coordination required would be
enormous. Dozens of people, carefully
timed actions, massive expense. Who
would go to such lengths? And why? Sleep
was impossible. Every small sound made
me freeze, listening for footsteps or
the soft placement of paper on metal.
Twice I crept to the window to check my
driveway, but saw only empty concrete
and the neighbor's cat prowling through
the shadows. Still, the sensation of
being watched pressed against me like
humid air. Morning came gray and
overcast with heavy clouds that promised
rain. I dressed slowly, deliberately,
trying to decide what to do.
The note had predicted zero miles of
driving. If the pattern held true,
something would prevent me from leaving
home. But what if I defied the
prediction? What if I got in my car and
drove anyway?
The thought of challenging whatever
force was behind the notes both
terrified and compelled me. I had spent
3 days as a passive observer of my own
life, watching as impossible predictions
came true with mechanical precision.
Maybe it was time to take control back.
I walked to my garage and raised the
door, letting gray morning light spill
across the concrete floor. My Honda sat
waiting, keys dangling from my hand. But
as I approached the driver's side, I
noticed something that made my breath
catch. The front tire was flat. Not just
low, completely deflated, the rubber
sagging against the rim. I walked around
the car, checking the other tires. All
fine, just the front driver's side.
Exactly the kind of random failure that
would strand me at home for the day. I
knelt beside the tire, running my hands
over the rubber, looking for the cause.
No obvious puncture marks, no sign of
deliberate damage, just a tire that had
inexplicably lost all its air during the
night. As I stood up, brushing dirt from
my knees, I caught a glimpse of movement
in my peripheral vision. Across the
street, partially hidden behind a
telephone pole, a figure stood watching.
middle-aged gray hair, expensive watch
catching the dull morning light. When I
turned to look directly, he was gone. I
called in sick to work, citing car
trouble, which was technically true. The
mechanic who came to replace my tire
found nothing wrong with the old one. No
puncture, no valve failure, no obvious
cause for the deflation. These things
happen sometimes, he told me with a
shrug. Rubber was unpredictable.
That evening, I didn't find a golden
note on my car. Instead, I found
something else entirely. Tucked under my
windshield wiper was a business card,
cream colored and expensive looking. No
company name, no address, just a phone
number in the same elegant script as the
notes, and below it, a single line of
text. We should talk. I stood in my
driveway holding the card, aware that I
had reached some kind of crossroads. For
3 days, I had been a passive participant
in an impossible game. Someone was
demonstrating knowledge they shouldn't
possess, control they shouldn't have.
The rational explanation was that I was
losing my mind, that stress and paranoia
had finally fractured my grip on
reality. The alternative was that
something genuinely supernatural was
occurring, that the normal rules of
cause and effect no longer applied to my
life.
Either way, I was tired of being afraid.
I dialed the number. It rang once before
connecting, though no one spoke. I could
hear breathing on the other end, patient
and measured. Finally, I broke the
silence, asking who I was speaking to.
The voice that answered was familiar,
the same quiet, conversational tone from
the man at the water park. He thanked me
for calling, as if I'd had any real
choice in the matter. Then he explained
in that same maddeningly calm voice that
we needed to meet.
The location he specified was a parking
garage downtown. Level 3 northwest
corner. Midnight.
Come alone naturally. No police, no
friends, no recording devices. Just a
conversation between two people who had
business to settle. I wanted to hang up
to delete the number and pretend none of
this had happened. But I knew it
wouldn't end there. The notes would
continue. The predictions would keep
coming true, and my life would gradually
narrow until I had no choices left at
all. Whatever was happening to me,
whatever game I'd been drawn into, the
only way out was through. Midnight found
me standing in a concrete tomb of empty
parking spaces, fluorescent lights
humming overhead like trapped insects.
The air smelled of motor oil and urban
decay, and every small sound echoed off
the walls with amplified intensity. I
was 15 minutes early. But I wasn't
alone. He emerged from behind a support
pillar as if he'd been waiting there for
hours, hands clasped behind his back,
that expensive watch glinting under the
harsh lighting. Up close, his features
were sharper than I'd remembered, his
pale eyes more focused. He thanked me
for coming again with that maddening
politeness that made everything feel
like a social visit rather than a
confrontation. I asked him how he'd done
it. The notes, the predictions, the
impossible accuracy. His smile was thin
and didn't reach his eyes. He told me I
was asking the wrong question. The right
question, he explained, wasn't how, but
why. Why had I been chosen? Why were my
movements so important? Why was someone
going to such elaborate lengths to
demonstrate control over my life?
Then he told me something that made the
parking garage spin around me like a
carousel.
The forgery I'd confiscated at the water
park wasn't random. It wasn't even a
real attempt to gain entry. It had been
placed in that line specifically for me
to find. A test to see how I would react
to authority and confrontation.
Everything that had happened since, the
notes, the predictions, the
surveillance, was part of an evaluation,
a job interview if you will, though not
for any position I would recognize. He
told me there were people who existed in
the spaces between normal society, who
specialized in knowing things they
shouldn't know and being places they
shouldn't be. People who could predict
behavior because they understood the
subtle pressures that shaped decisionm.
people who could appear and disappear
because they knew exactly where others
would be looking. They had been watching
me for months, he said. My reliability,
my attention to detail, my ability to
spot deception. Most importantly, my
capacity to adapt when reality became
flexible. The offer he made was simple.
Join them, learn their methods, become
part of something larger than my mundane
existence at Neptune's kingdom. The
alternative was to continue my current
life, though with the understanding that
privacy was an illusion and
predictability was a weakness. I asked
what they wanted from me, what this
organization actually did. His smile
widened slightly, and for the first
time, genuine amusement flickered in his
pale eyes. He told me that some
questions couldn't be answered until
after acceptance, but that I would find
the work enlightening.
As I write this account, three days have
passed since that midnight meeting. I
haven't returned to work at Neptune's
kingdom. I haven't called to explain my
absence.
Every morning, I wake up expecting to
find another golden note, another
impossible prediction. But my car hood
remains empty. Instead, I've been
receiving different kinds of messages,
instructions, really. Simple tasks that
seem random, but probably aren't.
Observe a specific street corner at a
specific time. Count the number of blue
cars in a certain parking lot. Note
which direction people turn when they
exit a particular building. Each task is
easy to complete, but the underlying
purpose remains opaque. I am being
trained, I think, though for what
remains unclear.
Sometimes I catch glimpses of other
people performing similar observations.
A woman reading a newspaper while
watching pedestrian traffic. A man
feeding pigeons while noting license
plate numbers. We never acknowledge each
other. But there's a quality of focused
attention that marks us as part of the
same unseen organization. The rational
part of my mind insists this is all
elaborate delusion that I've constructed
an entire conspiracy to explain away a
mundane mental breakdown. But
rationality feels less important now
than it used to. Reality has become more
flexible, more open to interpretation.
Yesterday, I received a package with no
return address. Inside was a golden pen
and a stack of expensive paper, the same
kind used for the notes. At the bottom
of the package was a single sheet with
an address and a number. 43
7. Tomorrow, I think I'll be leaving my
first prediction for someone else to
find. Someone who works as a cashier,
perhaps or who prides themselves on
following rules and spotting deception.
Someone who believes the world operates
according to logical principles and
predictable patterns.
someone who's about to learn that
reality is far more interesting than
they ever imagined. The question that
haunts me now isn't whether I'm losing
my mind or being recruited into
something genuine. The question is
whether there's any meaningful
difference between the two
possibilities. In a world where
impossible predictions come true and
surveillance indistinguishable from
omniscience, sanity itself becomes a
relative concept. Tonight, I'll drive
exactly 43, 7 mi through the city,
taking a route that will seem random,
but isn't. Somewhere along that journey,
I'll place a golden note on the hood of
a carefully selected car. The number
will be precise, impossible, and
absolutely accurate. And tomorrow
morning, someone else will stand in
their driveway holding a slip of
expensive paper, wondering how anyone
could possibly know something they
haven't even decided yet. The cycle
continues as it always has, as it always
will.
The only difference is that now I'm on
the other side of the mystery, leaving
questions instead of finding them.
Though sometimes late at night, when the
rational part of my mind reasserts
itself, I wonder if there is another
side at all. Perhaps there are only
people like me, each convinced they've
graduated from victim to perpetrator,
each leaving golden notes for the next
person in line. an endless chain of the
confused and the paranoid. Each
believing they've joined something real
when they've only inherited someone
else's delusion. But then morning comes
and I receive my instructions and I
perform my small tasks with the
precision of someone who belongs to
something larger than themselves.
Whether that something is real or
imagined has become irrelevant. After
all, what difference does it make if the
mystery is genuine or manufactured as
long as the predictions keep coming
true?
Story 12.
The first call came on a Tuesday evening
while I was stirring pasta sauce. The
wooden spoon making lazy circles against
the saucepan's bottom. The kitchen
windows were fogged with steam. And
outside, October rain drumed against the
glass like impatient fingers. When the
phone rang, I almost didn't answer. The
number was unfamiliar, and these days,
unknown calls usually meant robotic
voices promising debt consolidation or
extended warranties,
but something made me reach for the
receiver anyway. The voice, on the other
end, was pleasant enough, warm even,
with the practiced cadence of someone
accustomed to making calls for a living.
He introduced himself as conducting a
survey for household economics research,
explaining that my number had been
randomly selected from a database of
homeowners in the area.
Nothing unusual there. I'd received
similar calls before, brief
questionnaires about spending habits or
consumer preferences that took 5 minutes
and earned the caller a few dollars. He
asked standard questions at first, my
age range, household income bracket,
monthly expenses. His tone remained
professional throughout, occasionally
making small sounds of acknowledgement
as I answered. The rain continued its
percussion against the windows, and I
found myself relaxing into the familiar
rhythm of survey responses. Then, just
as I expected him to thank me for my
time, his voice changed, not
dramatically. The shift was subtle, like
a minor key creeping into a major chord.
He repeated a phrase slowly and
deliberately as if reading from a script
he wanted to ensure I understood
perfectly.
Your next balance will be zero. Before I
could ask what he meant, the line went
dead.
I stood there for a moment, pasta sauce
bubbling, forgotten on the stove, trying
to process what had just happened. The
phrase seemed to echo in the sudden
silence of my kitchen, though that was
impossible. The rain continued. The
refrigerator hummed. The sauce still
burbled. Yet somehow those four words
hung in the air within weight that made
my chest tighten. I told myself it was
nothing. Survey companies sometimes
included odd statements as part of their
data collection. Psychological
experiments disguised as market
research. Or perhaps he'd been reading
from the wrong script meant for a
different type of call entirely. I
turned off the burner, stirred the sauce
one final time, and tried to forget
about it. But the phrase lingered in my
mind like an unwelcome visitor who
refuses to leave. 3 days later, he
called again.
This time, I was in my home office
reviewing quarterly reports that needed
to be submitted by months end. The same
number appeared on my phone's display,
and despite every rational instinct
telling me to let it go to voicemail, I
answered.
The conversation followed an identical
pattern. The same warm introduction, the
same explanation about household
economics research, even some of the
same questions he'd asked before. When I
mentioned that we'd already spoken, he
paused, a silence so complete I could
hear him breathing. Before continuing as
if I hadn't said anything at all. The
questions this time focused on my
financial stability, my debt to income
ratio, my confidence in my ability to
meet future obligations. His tone
remained professional, but there was
something underneath it now. A subtle
undercurrent that made the hair on my
arm stand up. I found myself answering
honestly despite growing unease, as if
his voice carried some compulsive
quality that made lying impossible. And
then, just like before, came the closing
statement. Your next balance will be
zero. This time I tried to respond to
ask what company he represented or what
the phrase meant, but again the line
went dead before I could form the words.
I sat staring at my phone, the quarterly
reports forgotten. While outside my
office window, the October sky seemed to
darken despite the early hour. I spent
the next hour researching the phone
number online, searching for any
connection to legitimate survey
companies or market research firms.
Nothing came up. The number existed in
that strange digital limbo of unused
lines showing no ownership records or
associated businesses. I even called it
back only to reach a recording stating
that the number was not in service. Yet
somehow, impossibly, calls continued to
come from it. The third call arrived
exactly 3 days later at precisely the
same time of evening as the first. I'd
been watching for it, dreading it. Yet,
when my phone actually rang and that
familiar number appeared on the screen,
my hand moved to answer it almost
against my will. This conversation was
different. The caller's voice retained
its professional warmth. But the
questions had changed, becoming more
personal, more invasive. He asked about
my sleep patterns, whether I'd been
experiencing any unusual anxiety or
stress, if I'd noticed any changes in my
daily routines. It felt less like a
survey and more like a psychological
evaluation, as if he were assessing my
mental state rather than my economic
habits.
When I challenged him directly, asking
why he kept calling and what
organization he represented, he
responded with patient deflection,
steering the conversation back to his
questions, with the skill of someone
trained in handling difficult subjects.
His persistence was unsettling, but more
disturbing was my inability to simply
hang up.
Something about his voice seemed to
bypass my conscious defenses, making
resistance feel both urgent and
impossible. The call lasted longer this
time. Nearly 20 minutes of increasingly
uncomfortable questions about my
relationship with money, my fears about
financial security, my deepest anxieties
about the future. By the end, I felt
emotionally drained, as if he'd somehow
reached through the phone line and
examined the contents of my mind. Then
came the closing phrase delivered with
the same measured cadence as before.
Your next balance will be zero. But this
time something was different. This time
I could swear I heard an echo. Not
through the phone. The line had already
gone dead. The echo seemed to come from
inside my house, as if the words had
somehow been spoken in multiple rooms
simultaneously.
I stood up from my desk, heart
hammering, and walked through each room,
checking corners and closets, looking
for what? A hidden speaker. An intruder
who'd somehow gained access to repeat
the caller's words. I found nothing, of
course, but the sensation lingered. The
certainty that those words had been
spoken not just to me, but around me, as
if my house itself had become complicit
in whatever was happening.
The pattern continued over the following
weeks. Every 3 days at the same time,
the call would come. The questions grew
more invasive, more personal, probing
into areas of my life I'd never
discussed with anyone. The caller seemed
to know things about me, small details
about my habits, my fears, my history
that I was certain I'd never shared with
him. More disturbing still was my
growing inability to resist the calls.
I'd see that number on my phone and feel
my hand moving to answer it despite
every conscious intention to let it
ring.
It was as if my body had developed its
own relationship with the caller
independent of my will. Each
conversation ended the same way.
Your next balance will be zero. And each
time that impossible echo seemed to grow
stronger, more distinct until I began to
suspect the words weren't just being
repeated. They were being amplified,
spread throughout my house by some
mechanism I couldn't understand. I
started making notes after each call,
trying to track patterns or extract
meaning from the questions. But when I'd
review my notes the next day, they
seemed to change. Words I was certain
I'd written appeared different.
Sentences I remembered recording were
nowhere to be found. It was as if the
very act of documenting these
conversations somehow altered the
documentation itself.
Sleep became difficult. I'd lie awake
listening for sounds that weren't there.
Feeling watched by eyes I couldn't
locate. The house seemed different
somehow, not physically, but
atmospherically,
as if the very air had become dense with
expectation.
Shadows fell at wrong angles. Familiar
objects appeared slightly displaced, and
the silence between the caller's words
seemed to seep into the spaces between
my own thoughts. 3 weeks into this
routine, I noticed the first clock. It
was the antique mantle clock in my
living room. A wedding gift from my
grandmother that had kept perfect time
for nearly a decade. I noticed it during
breakfast, glancing up from my coffee to
check the time and seeing something that
made my spoon freeze halfway to my
mouth. Both hands pointed straight down.
Not to 6:00. That would have been
explainable. A simple coincidence of
timing. No. Both hands pointed to the
bottom of the clock face, perpendicular
to the floor, as if gravity had somehow
claimed them both simultaneously.
I approached the clock slowly, studying
its face with growing unease. The hands
weren't just pointing down. They
appeared to be weighted there, pulled by
some force stronger than the mechanism's
normal operation. When I touched the
minute hand, trying to move it, it
resisted with surprising strength before
snapping back to its downward position.
The moment I released it, the clock
still ticked. I could hear its familiar
rhythm, see the second hand continuing
its steady circuit, but the hour and
minute hands remained frozen in their
strange debt-like position. I told
myself it was a mechanical failure,
nothing more. Old clocks sometimes
developed quirks, required maintenance
or replacement parts. But as the day
progressed, I discovered it wasn't just
the mantle clock. The kitchen clock
showed the same configuration.
Both hands pointing straight down
despite its digital display showing the
correct time. The alarm clock beside my
bed, the decorative time piece in my
bathroom, even my wristwatch when I
checked it that evening, all showed
their hands frozen in that same downward
position. as if every timekeeping device
in my house had simultaneously decided
to mark not time but debt.
That night, the caller's voice seemed
different, still professional, still
warm. But underneath, I detected
something new. Satisfaction perhaps, or
anticipation.
His questions had evolved again,
focusing now on my perception of time,
my relationship with schedules and
deadlines, whether I'd noticed any
unusual patterns in my daily routine.
When I mentioned the clocks, a slip I
immediately regretted. He paused for so
long I thought the call had
disconnected.
Then he resumed as if I'd said nothing.
But I could hear something in his
breathing now, a rhythm that matched the
ticking of my frozen time pieces.
Your next balance will be zero," he said
at the call's end. And this time, the
echo was unmistakable.
The words came from every clock in my
house simultaneously, spoken in perfect
unison with voices that sounded exactly
like mine. I ran through my house that
night, yanking batteries from clocks,
unplugging digital displays, stopping
every time piece I could find. But even
silenced, their hands remained frozen in
that damning position, pointing downward
like accusatory fingers marking debts
I'd never incurred. Sleep was
impossible. I lay in my darkened
bedroom, listening to a silence that
seemed pregnant with ticking sounds that
were no longer there. The air felt
thick, oppressive, as if something vast
and patient were pressing down on my
house from above.
Every shadow seemed to move when I
wasn't looking directly at it. Every
creek and settle of the old building's
bones sounded like footsteps in rooms I
knew were empty. Morning brought no
relief. If anything, the wrongness
seemed more pronounced in daylight, as
if the sun's rays couldn't quite
penetrate whatever had settled over my
home. I called in sick to work, unable
to imagine sitting through meetings and
presentations while my house waited for
me like a patient predator. The phone
calls continued every 3 days like
clockwork. Though what meaning did
clockwork have now when time itself had
become corrupted? The caller's questions
grew more abstract, more philosophical.
He asked about my understanding of debt,
not just financial but existential,
whether I believed in balance, cosmic
justice, the settling of accounts that
transcended simple monetary exchange. I
found myself answering honestly despite
my terror, as if his voice had become a
confessional booth where resistance was
impossible.
He seemed to know about the clocks,
though I'd mentioned them only once. His
questions probed at the edges of my
sanity, suggesting explanations that
made no rational sense, yet felt
disturbingly plausible. "Was it
possible," he asked, "that some debts
existed outside normal accounting
systems? That balance could be demanded
in currencies more fundamental than
money? That time itself might serve as
collateral in transactions we weren't
consciously aware of making? By the end
of each call, I felt as if I'd been
turned inside out, examined, and found
wanting by some authority I couldn't
name or understand. And always, always,
came that final phrase. Your next
balance will be zero. The echo had
evolved into something more complex now.
The words didn't just come from my
silenced clocks. They seemed to emanate
from the walls themselves, the
foundation, the very bones of my house.
as if the structure had learned to speak
in my voice, repeating the caller's
promise like a mantra or a curse.
A week before months end, I made a
decision that felt both inevitable and
impossible. I would not answer the next
call. When the phone rang at the
appointed time, I sat in my kitchen and
watched its display, hands clenched into
fists as that familiar number appeared
on the screen. The ringing seemed louder
than usual, more insistent, but I forced
myself to remain still. After six rings,
it stopped. The silence that followed
was profound, not just quiet, but
actively empty, as if sound itself had
been drained from my house. I sat in
that void for several minutes, feeling
proud of my resistance, until I realized
I could hear something else. breathing
not my own, though I was breathing too
shallow and quick with residual fear.
This was deeper, more measured. The
rhythm of someone completely at ease. It
seemed to come from everywhere at once,
as if my house had developed lungs and
learned to use them. Then came the
voice, speaking not through my phone,
but through the air itself, filling
every room simultaneously with those
familiar warm tones.
Your next balance will be zero.
But this time, the words didn't stop.
They repeated, overlapping, building
into a chorus of my own voice speaking
the caller's message. The sound grew
louder, more complex, until it seemed
every surface in my house had become a
speaker broadcasting that single damning
phrase.
I ran outside, bursting through my front
door into the October night, and found
blessed silence.
Street lamps glowed reassuringly. Normal
sounds of traffic and distant
televisions provided familiar comfort.
My house stood behind me, looking
perfectly ordinary from the outside,
giving no indication of the acoustic
nightmare contained within. But when I
checked my phone, I had 17 missed calls
from that same impossible number. I
spent the night in my car, parked on a
residential street several blocks away,
trying to understand what was happening
to me. Was this some elaborate prank? A
sophisticated form of harassment? Had I
somehow become the target of technology
I didn't understand? Speakers hidden in
my walls and synchronized to torment me?
Or was I losing my mind? The question
seemed more urgent than terrifying.
Mental illness would be explicable,
treatable, fundamentally normal compared
to the alternatives my imagination was
suggesting.
Psychotic breaks happened to real people
for understandable reasons. Stress,
chemical imbalances, underlying
conditions that could be diagnosed and
managed.
But as I sat in my car, watching my
house through the rear view mirror, I
saw something that made rational
explanations suddenly seem inadequate.
Every window in my house was glowing,
not with electric light, but with
something deeper, more organic. The glow
pulsed slowly, rhythmically, like a
massive heartbeat. And though I was too
far away to hear anything, I could see
the shadows of clock hands moving behind
those windows, sweeping in perfect
synchronization toward that familiar
downward position.
The final call came on Halloween night,
though I wasn't there to answer it. I'd
been staying in a motel for 3 days,
trying to work up the courage to return
home.
When I finally did, drawn by
responsibilities I couldn't abandon
indefinitely, I found my house exactly
as I'd left it, except for the 17
messages on my answering machine. Each
message was identical, my own voice,
speaking with mechanical precision,
repeating the caller's phrase exactly 17
times before the recording ended. But
these weren't echoes or replications.
They were something else, as if the
house itself had learned to make phone
calls. The final message was different.
It was the caller's voice, warm and
professional as always, but speaking
words I'd never heard before. The
balance has been calculated. Payment is
due. Thank you for your participation in
our household economic survey. Every
clock in my house now showed the same
time. Both hands pointing straight down,
frozen in permanent debt. They would
never move again. I somehow knew because
time itself had been paid as collateral
for a transaction I'd never agreed to
make. As I write this, sitting in my
kitchen while shadows gather outside my
windows, I can hear breathing in the
walls. Patient, measured, satisfied
breathing. The caller got what he
wanted, though I still don't understand
what that was. My financial accounts
remain unchanged. My actual debts no
different than before. But time moves
differently now. Minutes feel longer.
Hours seem to skip. And days blend into
each other as if some fundamental rhythm
has been disrupted. The clocks still
tick. I can hear them in the silence
between heartbeats. But their hands will
never move again. And sometimes late at
night when the house settles around me
like a living thing. I hear my own voice
speaking from empty rooms. Your next
balance will be zero.
I don't know if I'm crazy. I don't know
if any of this really happened, but
tomorrow, exactly 30 days after the
first call, I'm supposed to receive my
monthly bills. I wonder what balance
they'll show. I wonder if I'll be able
to read them at all, or if time has
finally stopped working the way it
should. The breathing in the walls is
getting louder.
Story 13.
The fluorescent lights hummed with that
particular frequency that made my teeth
ache. I should have known better than to
work out this late, but the resort's
24-hour gym had seemed like the perfect
solution to my insomnia. The place felt
different at 2:47 a.m. Too quiet, too
sterile, like a medical facility
masquerading as a fitness center. I was
towling off after my set when I noticed
the badge on the reception counter. The
smiling attendant who' checked me in had
vanished, probably to refill the towel
dispensers or whatever these places
required at ungodly hours. The plastic
ID card sat there, innocuous, except for
the way it caught the overhead light at
an odd angle, creating shadows that
seemed deeper than they should be. My
first instinct was to ignore it. Mind
your own business, my father always
said. But something about the card
nagged at me. Maybe it was the way it
seemed deliberately placed, or how the
fluorescent buzz grew louder when I
looked directly at it. I picked it up,
intending to leave it somewhere more
visible for when the employee returned.
The photo showed a man in his 30s with
pale skin and that forced smile common
to corporate head shot, but it was the
other details that made my stomach
clench. The issue date read March 15th,
1998,
27 years ago. The position title printed
in faded black text read
instructor.
I turned the card over looking for an
expiration date or some explanation, but
found only a magnetic strip and a serial
number that seemed to shift when I
wasn't looking directly at it. The
plastic felt warm against my fingertips,
warmer than it should have been sitting
under the air conditioning.
A soft click echoed through the empty
gym. I looked up to see the main
entrance had sealed itself. The
electronic lock engaging with a finality
that sent ice through my veins. The red
light above the door blinked once, then
went dark. I tried the handle anyway,
knowing it was feudal. The metal was
cold and unyielding. That's when I
noticed the displays on the exercise
equipment had changed. Every treadmill,
elliptical, and stationary bike now
showed the same information. A heart
rate of 87 BPM, climbing steadily, my
heart rate. The numbers pulsed in rhythm
with the thrming in my chest. Each
digital beat synchronized with the very
real pounding behind my ribs. I
approached the nearest treadmill, its
screen glowing with an unnatural
intensity. The machine wasn't running,
wasn't even plugged in. I could see the
cord coiled neatly beneath it. Yet, the
display showed not only my heart rate,
but my exact position in the room,
represented by a small blinking dot on
what appeared to be a floor plan. The
badge in my hand grew warmer. I walked
toward the weight section, and the dot
moved accordingly. When I stopped by the
bench press, the heart rate spiked to
94. The coincidence was impossible to
ignore, even as my rational mind
scrambled for explanations. Bluetooth
connectivity maybe or some kind of
biometric sensors built into the floor.
Resorts spent fortunes on technology
these days, but that didn't explain the
date on the badge or why every machine
in the place was monitoring me without
any visible sensors. The air
conditioning shut off with a mechanical
sigh, leaving the gym in perfect silence
except for the persistent hum of the
lights and the soft electronic beeping
of the heart rate monitors.
In that quiet, I became aware of another
sound. A rhythmic whisper that might
have been breathing, if breathing could
come from the walls themselves.
I held up the badge again, studying the
photo more carefully. The man's smile
seemed different now, less forced and
more knowing, as if he could see me
through the plastic.
His eyes, which I had initially thought
were gray, appeared darker, almost black
in the shifting fluorescent light.
The temperature was dropping. I could
see my breath forming small clouds in
the artificial chill, and the metal
equipment felt like ice when I
accidentally brushed against a barbell.
My reflection in the mirrored walls
looked pale and distorted, as if the
glass itself was warping my image. On
every screen throughout the gym, my
heart rate had climbed to one or one. I
tried my phone, but the device showed no
signal bars, despite the fact that I'd
had full coverage just minutes earlier.
The Wi-Fi networks that had been
available when I checked in were gone,
too, replaced by a single option, deep
sleep protocol 1998.
The network was password protected.
Moving through the gym felt like
swimming through thick air. Each step
required more effort than it should
have, and my movement seemed to lag
behind my intentions by fractions of
seconds. The mirrors reflected my
actions with a delay that made me dizzy,
as if I was watching a recording of
myself rather than a real-time
reflection. The badge was becoming
uncomfortably hot now, but I couldn't
seem to let go of it. My fingers felt
fused to the plastic, and when I tried
to drop it, my hand simply refused to
obey. The heat spread up my arm like an
infection, not painful, exactly, but
wrong in a way that made my skin crawl.
I noticed the exercise bikes had begun
to move on their own, pedals rotating in
slow, deliberate circles despite being
unoccupied.
The treadmill belts started their
leisurely crawl, all at exactly the same
speed, the pace of a relaxed walk, or
perhaps the rhythm of deep, steady
breathing. The heart rate monitors
showed 108. Now, in the far corner of
the gym, near the stretching mats, I
spotted a door I hadn't noticed before.
It was painted the same institutional
white as the walls, nearly invisible
except for a small placard that read
staff only in the same font as the
badge. The door stood slightly a jar,
revealing only darkness beyond. As I
approached, the whisper breathing sound
grew louder, more distinct. It wasn't
coming from the walls after all, but
from the crack beneath that door. The
sound of many people sleeping deeply,
their exhalation synchronized in an
almost musical pattern. The badge in my
hand pulsed with heat and time with the
breathing. I should have turned around.
Every instinct screamed at me to find
another exit, to break a window if
necessary, to get out of this place that
felt less like a gym and more like a
laboratory with each passing moment.
Instead, I found myself moving toward
that door, drawn by a curiosity that
felt both alien and irresistible.
My reflection in the nearby mirror
showed someone I barely recognized.
Eyes too wide, skin too pale, holding a
badge that seemed to glow with its own
inner light. But worse than that was
what the mirror revealed behind me.
Shadows that moved independently of any
light source, taking shapes that
suggested human forms before dissolving
back into darkness. The heart rate on
every machine had reached 115.
The door swung open at my touch,
revealing a corridor that shouldn't have
existed. The gym was on the ground floor
of the resort with nothing but parking
lot beyond its walls. Yet, this hallway
stretched into the distance, lit by the
same fluorescent bulbs that hummed with
increasing intensity. Along the walls
were photographs, dozens of them,
showing smiling guests in what appeared
to be the same gym. But the photos were
old. The clothing styles, the
hairstyles, even the quality of the
images suggested they were taken years
or even decades ago. And in every single
photograph, partially visible in the
background, was the same pale man from
the badge.
The deep breathing sound was coming from
rooms along the corridor. Each door
marked with a year, 1998, 1999, 2000,
and so on, continuing into the distance.
Through the small windows in each door,
I could see the silhouettes of people
lying on what looked like hospital beds,
their chests rising and falling in
perfect unison. My heart rate hit 122
and the badge began to vibrate in my
palm. I wanted to run, but my legs
carried me forward down the corridor,
past door after door of sleeping forms.
The air grew thicker with each step,
filled with the scent of antiseptic and
something else, something organic and
sweet, like flowers left too long in
water. The last door was different.
Instead of a year, it bore my name in
the same faded lettering as the job
title on the badge. Through its window,
I could see a bed prepared with fresh
white sheets. A small table beside it
holding what appeared to be monitoring
equipment and a chart hanging at the
foot that I couldn't quite read from
this angle.
That's when I understood. The resort's
24-hour gym wasn't for exercise. It was
a recruitment center, a way to identify
guests who suffered from insomnia, who
wandered the halls in the small hours
when sleep eluded them. The badge wasn't
lost. It was left for me to find. a key
to bring me here to this corridor, to
this room with my name on it. The deep
sleep instructor wasn't a person. It was
a program, a process, something that had
been operating for decades beneath the
veneer of a luxury resort. And I had
volunteered myself by picking up that
badge, by staying after hours, by being
exactly the kind of person they were
looking for. My heart rate on the
distant monitors had stabilized at 1:30,
but I could feel it slowing as the
corridor's atmosphere worked on me. The
breathing sounds had become hypnotic,
lulling, and I found my eyelids growing
heavy despite my terror. The badge in my
hand was no longer hot. It was cool and
comfortable, like a worry stone worn
smooth by countless fingers. As I looked
at it one final time, the photo seemed
to smile wider, and for just a moment, I
could swear the man winked. The door to
my room opened on its own. Inside, the
bed looked impossibly comfortable, the
sheets crisp and inviting after my
workout, and the strange journey through
the gym. The monitoring equipment hummed
quietly, and I could see my name already
printed on the chart. patient intake
scheduled for long-term deep sleep
therapy indefinite duration. I took a
step inside, then another. The badge
fell from my fingers and clattered to
the floor, its purpose fulfilled.
Behind me, I could hear the door to the
gym corridor closing with a soft
pneumatic hiss, sealing off my retreat.
But retreat seemed less important now
than it had moments before.
The bed was so close, and I was
suddenly, overwhelmingly tired, more
tired than I'd been in years. The
insomnia that had driven me to the gym
seemed like a distant memory. As my eyes
grew heavy, and my breathing began to
synchronize with the gentle rhythm
coming from the other rooms.
As I sat on the edge of the bed, I
caught a glimpse of myself in a mirror
mounted on the opposite wall. My
reflection showed someone peaceful,
relaxed, ready for the deepest sleep of
his life. But in the glass, I could also
see the corridor beyond the door and all
those other rooms with their quietly
breathing occupants.
The monitoring equipment beside my bed
flickered to life, displaying vital
signs that weren't quite mine. Or
perhaps they were, just adjusted for
optimal sleeping conditions. The numbers
scrolled steadily downward as my
consciousness began to fade. In my last
moment of awareness, I wondered how long
I'd been planning to stay at the resort.
A week, 2 weeks? It didn't matter now. I
had found what I came looking for. A
cure for insomnia. A solution to the
sleepless nights that had plagued me for
so long. The deep sleep instructor
program was exactly what I needed. As
darkness claimed me, I could hear new
sounds from the gym beyond. the soft
click of the entrance door unlocking.
Footsteps on the polished floor and a
voice calling out to ask if anyone was
still there. Someone else with insomnia.
Someone else wandering the resort in the
small hours, drawn to the 24-hour gym
and whatever relief it might offer.
On the reception counter, I knew another
badge would be waiting. The heart rate
monitors in the gym would soon display a
new set of numbers, tracking a new
participant in the program. And in the
corridor of doors somewhere past my
room, another door would bear another
name. Waiting for another insomniac to
find their way to the deepest sleep of
their life. I tried to form one last
coherent thought about whether this was
real or just the elaborate dream of an
exhausted mind. But the distinction no
longer seemed important.
Real or imagined, the deep sleep
instructor program was thorough,
professional, and exactly what its
clients needed, even if they never woke
up to realize it.